INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary
Charismatic business professional with expertise in 
business development
 
, product strategy, marketing, 
and 
sales
 . Effectively built sales
department from 10% to 50% of total company revenue over a 10 year term. Vastly experienced in international distribution development.
Highlights
Business Development
Inventory Management
Sales Analysis & Forecasting
Marketing
Product Strategy
Bilingual - English/Spanish
Experience
02/2010
 
to 
Current
International Business Development Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Identify global product opportunities, perform market analysis, and create product briefs outlining new collections.
Lead cross-departmental team responsible for creating product launch process calendar to ensure timely execution and clear
communication.
Manage special project requests to identify the value of the project, potential growth in the market, and work with Product Development,
Marketing and Sales to execute.
Develop pricing strategy and manage pricing model to boost brand profitability.
Analyze sales history and market trends to optimize inventory levels at overseas warehouse providing product to global partners in a timely
manner, resulting in lower overhead and storage costs.
Produce and communicate quarterly key performance indicators (KPI) reports.
Liaise with Product Development, Marketing departments and Regional Directors to develop new product for global consumers.
Develop, maintain, and support 37 international sales and distribution accounts in 76 countries for Victorinox Swiss Army brands.
Analyze sales statistics to determine business growth potential and drove incremental growth of $2M in 2014.
Assist global partners with inventory management, product training and retail promotions, resulting in higher product margins for all parties.
Offer a proven track record of revenue growth year over year, from $8M to $34M during my 10-year term.
Grew Latin Market from ground zero to top region for 3 consecutive years.
01/2004
 
to 
01/2010
International Sales Operations Manager
Supported VP and Director to manage international brands and support global network of distributors.
Coordinated directly with factories, third-party logistics warehouse operator, and distributors to optimize order flow from factories to
warehouse to global markets.
Created and updated order templates and price lists for accounts.
Managed inventory to maintain optimal levels.
Worked with distributors to obtain quarterly and monthly forecasts.
01/2000
 
to 
01/2004
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Oversaw daily operations for international department.
Maintained the sales of product overseas with key accounts.
Fulfilled 5-8 international customer orders and quotations weekly.
01/1999
 
to 
01/2000
Air and Ocean Export Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Exported high value goods and hazardous materials to foreign countries.
Completed International banking documentations - Sight Drafts and Letter of Credits - to ensure payment as needed.
Translated documents and correspondence in conversational translation for internal staff and clients.
Education
1999
BS degree
 
: 
Business Administration, International Business
 
Southern Illinois University of Edwardsville
 
Business Administration, International
Business Studied Abroad - Costa Rica
Skills
Army, banking, business development, clients, international sales, inventory management, inventory levels, inventory, Latin, logistics, Director,
market analysis, market trends, marketing, Market, Marketing and Sales, materials, network, pricing, pricing strategy, Product Development,
retail, sales, Sales Analysis & Forecasting, statistics, strategy, translation