CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
Over 15 years of experience in the Non-profit social services sector. Specific target populations: underserved Native American, Latino, youth,
adults and families. Passionate about helping others become empowered and self-sufficient through community resources and wrap-around
services. Extensive work in the following areas: operational management, case management, grant writing, program development/ management,
fundraising, community outreach and direct client services.
Skills
Microsoft Word, Power-point, Excel & Office Project Evaluation Media Relations Employee and Volunteer Training Grant Certification Project
Coordination
Work History
CONSULTANT
Assist individuals with ESL (English as a second language) tutoring and preparation for citizenship exam.
Provide event coordination for Golden Boy Promotions (GBP), marketing and outreach in the community and serve as personal assistant for
VP of Digital/Marketing Â​ Mr.
Scott Tetreault (E: Scott@goldenboypromotions).
Lead Employment Specialist
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
02/2015
 
- 
03/2016
 
Develop and maintain relationships with community referral sources, such as Department of Rehabilitation (DOR), work source centers,
America's Job Exchange and others.
Maintain close contact with clients during job training and placements to resolve problems and evaluate placement adequacy.
Locate barriers to client employment, such as inaccessible work sites, inflexible schedules, and transportation problems, and work with
clients to develop strategies for overcoming these barriers.
Participate in job development and placement programs, contacting prospective employers, placing clients in jobs, and evaluating the
success of placements.
Collaborate with community agencies to establish facilities and programs for persons with disabilities.
Coordinate recruitment and placement of training program participants.
Provide intake, job placement and retention for clients with disabilities including Veterans in the greater Los Angeles area.
Interim Director/ Program Manager / Grant Writer
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
06/2004
 
- 
01/2015
 
Assure AIC and its mission (to empower the Albuquerque Urban Native American community and others through provisions of wrap-
around services designed to promote wellness, education, self-sufficiency and tradition), programs and services are consistently presented in
a strong positive imagery to relevant stakeholders and throughout the community.
Oversees fundraising, planning and implementation, including identifying resource requirements, researching funding sources, establishing
strategies to approach funders, submitting proposals and administrating fundraising records and documentation.
1 Oversee, monitor and apply for funding yearly with contracts awarded from the following: NM Indian Affairs Department, NM
Department of Health, City of Albuquerque, Navajo Nations and various foundations (Otten, Kellogg, First Nations, etc).
Plan, organize and implement yearly events for the community such as: Summer Solstice, Back to School, Feed the Children, Halloween,
Thanksgiving, Christmas and yearly Job/Health Fairs.
Evaluate the work of staff and volunteers to ensure that programs are of appropriate quality and that resources are used effectively.
Recruit, interview, and hire or sign up volunteers and staff.
Serve on Community Committees to promote healthy families and children to reduce poverty, unemployment, substance abuse and
domestic violence.
Maintain and seek new relations with state Senators, Representatives and other state officials to promote information/ education on AIC and
the impact of services upon the Urban Native American community.
Current status in regards to grant funding obtained - approximately $300,000 + in funding awarded by state, city, foundations and the
Navajo Nations.
Languages
Bilingual in Spanish
Education
MA
 
: 
Counseling
 
WEBSTER UNIVERSITY
 
- 
June 2004
 
Emphasis in Mental Health/Substance Abuse Dual Diagnosis
Emphasis in School Counseling (Elementary Education)
Participated in 2 Clinical Practicums for a total of 700 hours earned with supervision
Completed 48 hours of coursework
Bachelors of Art
 
: 
Psychology & Family Studies
 
The University of New Mexico
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
May 2001
 
Obtained a double major in completed coursework for Psychology & Family Studies
Inducted into "Psi Chi," the National Honor Society in Psychology for scholastic achievements
Actively participated as a student intern (Family Studies coursework requirements) at two different nonprofit organizations
Dean's List (Spring & Fall 2003 - 2004)Skills
approach, Behavioral Health, Chi, interpersonal communication, contracts, Counseling, client, clients, Department of Health, documentation,
English, event coordination, fundraising, marketing, Media Relations, Mental Health, Excel, Exchange, Office, Power-point, Microsoft Word,
Project Coordination, proposals, Psychology, public speaking, quality, recruitment, Rehabilitation, researching, Spanish, supervision,
transportation, tutoring