FINANCE AND OPERATIONS MANAGER
Summary
Dedicated to accurate, automated and systematized flow of information Analytical accounting and bookkeeping professional with 12 years of
bookkeeping experience in preparation, analysis, and reporting of financial performance. 
Proven professional focused on enhanced productivity,
automation and financial control. 
Consistently exceed challenging business objectives. Demonstrated ability to provide comprehensive support for
executive-level staff. Proven track record of accurately completing research and reporting to management. Adept at developing and maintaining
detailed pricing strategies (profit margin and cost analysis), forecasting, budgeting and inventory management. Noted efficiency in collections and
maintaining current status of aging reports. Highly focused and organized in supporting complex, deadline driven operations; efficient and effective
in multi-task situations. Able to prioritize and achieve organizational objectives. Collaborated with CPA's and C-Level Management.
Highlights
Microsoft Office System, QuickBooks, Microsoft Windows operating system, and Salesforce. 
Payroll services include:
Trax, ADP, Accuchex, Sure Payroll, Wells Fargo and Intuit. 
Participate in Intuit's Continuing Research Program conducting
case studies with QuickBooks software.
Public and
private
accounting
Cost
accounting
Budget
analysis
Account
reconciliations
Cash-flow
report
generation
Accomplishments
Accounting Skills
 Â 
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Auditing
 Â 
Extensive experience with Financial Statements audits, reviews, compilations and audits for Governmental organizations (A-133).
General Ledger Accounts
 Â 
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
Experience
Finance and Operations Manager
 
May 2010
 
to 
December 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as the primary financial support to the Executive Director managing a $1.2-1.7 million budget for a non-profit organization
specializing in early literacy for underserved children.
Prepared monthly financial statements, sales tax and payroll records.
Maintained Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable records and conducted reconciliations for both credit cards and bank statements.
Audited and reconciled three years of financial data left unresolved from previous accountant.
Reconstructed organizations records for all five bay area regions.
Compiled all supporting documentation in preparation for IRS audit and 990 Tax Filing.
Responsible for placing all orders to vendors; forecasting; developed strong vendor relations.
Implemented fund accounting to track all Restricted Funds in both QuickBooks and in Excel.
Kept track of approximately 75 Restricted Grants and released funds when necessary.
Collaborated with five Regional Managers on Grant Obligations.
Updated and revised the Chart of Accounts.
Bookkeeping Services - Various Bay Area locations.
Executed accounts receivable reporting enhancements and reconciliation procedures.Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account
reporting and reconciliations.Performed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized accounting
software.Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank transactions.Prepared financial and
regulatory reports required by laws, regulations or boards of directors.Prepared monthly and annual expense forecasts, including any necessary
recommended action required to manage costs to achieve budget.
Full Charge Bookkeeper
 
January 2003
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed accounting operations, accounting close, account reporting and reconciliations.Evaluated accounting requirements duringdiscovery meetings with potential clientsPerformed debit, credit and total accounts on computer spreadsheets/databases, using specialized
accounting software.Received, recorded, and banked cash, checks, and vouchers as well as reconciled records of bank
transactions.Performed field audits on wide variety of clientele using Quick Books System
Senior Buyer / Accounting Assistant
 
January 1987
 
to 
January 2003
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as high-level support to General Manager/Production Manager of manufacturer of packaging products and corrugated displays with
over $12 million in annual revenue.
Performed a variety of key vendor relations functions, such as, pricing strategies, improved communication skills, and enhanced quality.
Developed spreadsheets to improve and inform quality and initiated quarterly supplier meetings.
Prepared meeting agendas and carefully monitor all action items.
Reduced inventory by 55% through negotiations with our suppliers.
Maintained packaging inventory that resulted in a cost savings of 20% overall.
Created extensive Excel forecasting analysis spreadsheets.
Coordinated and managed vendor meetings and internal quality improvement teams (ISO 9000 Purchasing Leader).
Developed presentations and created Excel graphs and reports for meetings.
Coordinated and organized the company picnics and special events.
Education
BS/BA
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
1994
 
University of Phoenix
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Business Administration
Bachelor's Degree
Skills
Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, ADP, Bookkeeping, budgets, budget, communication skills, credit, clientele, clients, documentation,
special events, Filing, financials, financial, financial statements, forecasting, Funds, General Manager, Grants, graphs, inventory, ISO 9000,
Director, managing, meetings, Excel, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Windows, negotiations, operating system, packaging, Payroll, presentations,
pricing, Production Manager, profit, Purchasing, quality, quality improvement, QuickBooks, Research, sales, spreadsheets, Tax, vendor relations