MARKETING AND PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
Summary
Enthusiastic and creative Visual Designer with exceptional flexibility and resourcefulness.outstanding time management and prioritization skills in
completing time-critical projects.Adept at managing heavy workloads while focusing on designing creative, visually-appealing graphics. Excellent
communication, interpersonal and client management skills to produce outstanding visual products.Thrives in a highly collaborative, fast-paced
environment.
Highlights
Graphic design
Creative direction
Art direction
Budgeting
Vendor / subcontractor relations
Brand strategy
Industry standard software:
Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Flash, Acrobat), Quark Xpress,
Microsoft office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)
Wordpress, Blackbaud NetCommunity, Constant Contact
Experience
Company Name
Design, layout, and production of collateral such as, brochures, sell sheets, advertisements and trade show booth graphics.
Flash Web Demos and Web Banners: Design, layout and development of online applications such as Interactive Demos and micro sites for
the Home Appliance and Wireless division.
Developed narration / scripts, Flash programming.
Designed "Rice Cooker" point roll banner campaign.
Product Packaging: Design and layout of retail packaging for a variety of Sanyo products such as Hello Kitty Toaster, Coffee Maker, and
Waffle Maker; Eneloop rechargeable batteries for breast cancer awareness.
Blister retail packaging design for Eneloop Wii RemoteTM Charging System to be sold at Costco.
Packaging design, layout and production for Air WasherTM - air purification system to be sold at Bed, Bath & Beyond.
Developed product identity and sales brochure for Air WasherTM brand.
Highmark Funds Print Collateral: Design, layout and production of marketing collateral such as brochures and investment kits for their
individual investment products.
Designed direct mail campaigns for their Asset Allocations Funds.
Developed marketing / sales materials for brokers to use such as product line brochures, monthly and quarterly fact sheets, and posters.
Countrywide Print Collateral: Design, layout and production of marketing collateral such as brochures, investment kits, fact sheets, posters
and direct mail campaigns for Countywide Home Loans, Countrywide Capital Markets, Countrywide Security Corporation, Countrywide
Asset Management Corporation.
Developed and designed branding guidelines for Full Spectrum Lending (a member of the Countrywide family.) Oversaw strategic
development of consumer as well as B2B collateral Western Bagel Baking Corporation Print Collateral: Design and Layout of magazine
advertisements.
Coordinated and supervised photography for their entire product line.
Web Design: Designed and supervised the rebranding and development of the new website for WesternBagel.com Product Packaging:
Design and layout of retail packaging for their new and existing product line.
Marketing and Public Relations Manager
 
January 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
This position lies within the Advancement Department and is responsible for art direction, design of all print and digital publications and
materials that support the admissions department, alumni relations, volunteer relations, summer programs, and fundraising efforts.
Design and supervise production of school magazine, three issues per year; admissions materials; brochures; annual report; invitations;
programs; merchandise; street banners; other projects as assigned; and event photography Implemented and maintain a social media
presence on Facebook and Twitter.
Created a maintain a news site in wordpress.
Manage outside vendors for printing, photography and writing.
Manage budget and calendar.
Partner/ Creative Director
 
January 1995
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Responsible for Designed and printed online interactive sales and marketing collateral.creative / art direction of client collateral.
Managed office budget, client budget and supervised a team of eight desment of advertising and marketing campaigns.
Coordinated and supervised multi-disciplinary team - designers, programmers, copywriters, photographers, illustrators - to ensure strategic
and creative development, and integrated consistency for client's brands.Project management, client interface, internal budgeting.
Print management, including, pre-press, and press checks Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Print Advertisements and Marketing
Collateral: Design and layout of print advertisements for newspapers and magazines.
Design, layout and production of recruiting materials including brochures, one-sheets, folders.
Implemented a marketing campaign targeting women ages 21-35.
Media Buys: Responsible for the creation of marketing and advertising campaigns for outdoor (billboard) media, radio and television.
Directed photo shoot for Deputy portraits and managed schedules and managed contracted budget.
Education
BA
 
: 
Graphic Design
 
, 
1 1995
 
California State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Graphic Design
Languages
Bilingual (Spanish)
Skills
Adobe, Acrobat, photo, Photoshop, Advertisements, advertising, Art direction, Asset Management, B2B, Banners, Brand strategy, branding,
brochures, brochure, Budgeting, budget, Capital Markets, com, Creative direction, client, creative development, direct mail, Flash, fundraising,
Funds, Graphic design, graphics, Illustrator, InDesign, Layout, marketing, Marketing Collateral, materials, Excel, Microsoft office, office,
PowerPoint, Word, newspapers, Packaging design, Packaging, photography, posters, pre-press, press, programming, Project management,
publications, Quark Xpress, radio, recruiting, retail, sales, scripts, Spanish, strategic, strategic development, television, website, Web Design