SOFTWARE ENGINEERING TEAM LEAD
Profile
I have over 10 years of experience in the field of IT infrastructure consulting and operations. I have worked on various Microsoft technologies such
as System Center Suite (SCOM, SCCM, SCVMM), virtualization (Hyper V), Windows 2003/ 2008 Active directory, DNS, DHCP, Windows
Clusters, scripting (PowerShell, VBScript), etc. I am currently working for Accenture Technologies. I am currently onsite working for our client in
USA since March 2012. I am looking for another opportunity within USA in infrastructure consulting/ Systems Administration that gives me the
opportunity to excel in my current skills and paves way for learning new technologies. System Center System Center Operations Manager 2012 -
SCOM Currently working on SCOM for over 3 years as technical lead/ SME. Experience in designing, implementing and operating SCOM
infrastructure. Experience in developing management packs using VSAE, VMPD, Authoring console.
Professional Experience
July 2008
to
January 2015
Company Name
 
Software Engineering Team Lead
Joined as part of the Avanade IO capability.
Avanade is a joint venture between Microsoft and Accenture and specializes on Microsoft product solutions.
Project 1: Stanford Hospital and Clinics Tenure: March 2012 Till date I am currently the onshore technical lead and subject matter expert
for our monitoring solution called Microsoft System Center Operations Manager (SCOM 2012).
I was part of designing and implementing the SCOM solution for our client.
I am also leading the operations.
Some of the key activities that I have been leading here are: Designing, configuring and operating SCOM.
Expand monitoring to non-trusted domains and cross platform servers.
Management pack tuning and configuration.
Building new management packs using VSAE, VMPD, Authoring Tools Migration/ upgrade of SCOM 2012 RTM to Release 2.
Managing daily operational tasks.
Working on SLA and other reports and dashboards.
Application monitoring/ Synthetic transactions Prior to joining the monitoring team, I was working for their core infrastructure.
My role in the team was to identify flaws and remediate core IO services such as AD, DNS, DHCP, WINS, File/ Print, etc.
I also provided escalation support for critical incidents.
We worked on decommissioning Windows 2003 domain controllers out of the environment.
I also implemented DNS scavenging.
Project 2: This project dealt with planning and deployment of SCCM site systems across geographies.
We were also responsible for software distribution and OSD.
Also we built customer facing artifacts around designing and building SCCM architecture.
Project 3: Performing P2V and V2V migrations to optimize/minimize datacenter footprint This project was the largest implementation of
hyper V technology outside US and is also a case study for Microsoft.
I was part of a project that involved consolidating the datacenter of an FMCG giant.
As part of the project we were performing V2V and P2V migrations of the servers in large numbers.
My role in the project was that of SME responsible for handling technical escalations and 
getting the migrations done within the specified
change window.
Supporting and maintaining the client infrastructure I was working for a US-based client who is a major producer of nuclear power there.
The job mainly related to the remote administration and providing support 24x5.
The client had implemented all the latest Microsoft technologies in their infrastructure.
I have been a part of the project since the transition phase.
I was managing a team of 6 people operating in shifts.
Achievements: I had been promoted twice within the first 2 years of my tenure in the company and had been given "Contribution
Significantly above Peer Group" rating in the yearly evaluation cycle.
April 2007
to
July 2008
Company Name
 
IT Analyst
January 2006
to
March 2007
Company Name
 
Windows Administrator
I was working as part of the messaging and collaboration team.
Job was to administer the internal Windows infrastructure of the company.
Day to day tasks included working on tickets escalated from the 1st line support/Helpdesk, monitoring systems, attending to SCOM alerts,
etc.
Monthly tasks included Software Updates Management.
As needed tasks included any emergency or planned change.Our team was also responsible for active directory operations.
January 2004
to
January 2006
Company Name
 
Technical Support Engineer
I was responsible for AD maintenance tasks such as account creation, providing access to shared folders, distribution/security groups
creation/deletion, replication issues, group policy implementation, etc.
Providing Line 1 support to the internal users of the company in troubleshooting their mail flow issues, outlook, network or password issues.
Handling mailboxes for the internal users of the company, etc.
Also worked on the network routers, bridges and other network devices manufactured by Linksys during my initial days in the company.
Provided technical support to the customers spread across the world in setting up their small office networks.
I was responsible for giving desktop support for a small scale IT infrastructure.
Day to day tasks included troubleshooting issues with outlook, blue screen errors, imaging, etc.
Education
National Institute of Technology(NIT)
 
City
 
, 
India
 
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E
Accomplishments
Also working on System Center Orchestrator.
System Center Configuration Manager 2007 - SCCM Over 4 years' working experience on SCCM.
Experience on designing, implementing the SCCM infrastructure Prepared artifacts such as environment discovery questionnaire, reference
architecture, etc.
for the Avanade Capability in India.
Virtualization Hyper V, SCVMM, Datacenter consolidation Worked on datacenter consolidation.
Worked on building and operating Windows 2008 failover clusters.
Have experience on Hyper V, SCVMM.
Core Wintel Services Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, WINS Worked on remediating core wintel services for our client.
Have experience and good understanding on design, deployment, operations of core wintel services such as AD, DNS, DHCP, WINS, etc.
File and Print Services Experience on setting up and operating file and print services.
Worked on file and print clusters in windows 2003.
Scripting Experience on Windows Powershell, VBScript.
Other Skills: I have conducted technical training for new joiners and people from other streams on technologies such as SCCM, AD,
HyperV, etc.
within Accenture.
I am a member of empanelled interviewers in my current company and have conducted over 50 interviews.
I have experience in setting up small office/ home office networks in one of my previous organizations.
I have fair understanding on networking protocols and equipment.
Certifications
ITIL v3 Foundations certified. MCSE SCCM certified.
Skills
active directory, AD, bridges, client, Designing, DHCP, DNS, imaging, ITIL v, Managing, messaging, access, MCSE, mail, office, outlook,
Microsoft technologies, Windows, window, Migration, network, networks, producer, routers, servers, SLA, technical support, desktop support,
troubleshooting, upgrade