GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Personal Information
Date of Birth: May 13th, 1999
Present Resident In Triangle VA, and soon, Montclair, VA.
Objective
To obtain a job that challenges me to use my acquired skills in the food industry.
Education
High School Diploma
 
: 
Graphics/IT
 
, 
2017
 
Forest Park High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
Coursework in Graphic Design
Coursework in AP Classes
Aiming for an Advanced Diploma, taking language and Advanced Placement Classes
3.5 GPA
Summary
Hello! I am Phat Le (or Danny), a high school student in Forest Park studying to become a Graphic Designer/Photographer. I am currently
searching for a part-time job where I can apply my education and volunteering experience to a job in fast food industry. Areas of proficiency
include Graphics and Photography. In these courses I have learned to see whether or not something appeals to the average eye, and to create
aesthetically pleasing images and creations. I have also developed many more skills in these classes such as creativity, being flexible with work,
being productive and proficient. I am able to bring knowledge to what appeals to customer with strong backgrounds to show in these courses. For
communications, I am trilingual, being able to speak English, Spanish, and Vietnamese. I also able to communicate with others to exchange any
ideas and solutions and have volunteer experience that involves many different types of interaction with customers and co-volunteers.
Highlights
Reliable and Punctual
Providing Well-Thought out solutions
Able to work with others
Accepting of Responsibility
Engaging Personality
Creativity
Meets deadlines
Excellent Multi-tasking
Planning and Arranging activities
Conversant and fluent in English, Spanish, and Vietnamese
Skills
Desktop Publishing Software: Photoshop, Illustrator
Active Listening Skills
Advanced Problem-Solving
Great Organizational Skills
Confidence and Empathy
Interests
Art
Photography
Graphic Design
Writing
Reading
Volunteering
Languages
I am able to comfortably speak and write in English. I am also able to speak Spanish, but not as skilled in writing. I am currently in my 3rd year in
Spanish Classes, and I was given the opportunity to join the Spanish Honor Society at my school recently. And I can also speak Vietnamese on a
fluent level, but I am not able to write in Vietnamese.
Accomplishments
Being offered the opportunity to create a graphic design piece for a school event, and having my artwork chosen for the visual.
Meeting consistent deadlines with my work in all my classes, including Graphic Design which involves projects every week or so, and being
creative to create an original idea to be graded and possibly featured in art shows in the city.
Taking part in many volunteering opportunities that span from school activities to outside events.
Being chosen to take part in an IT Program at school, where I learn Graphic Design.Volunteering
Graphic Designer 
April 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Another volunteering experience that I found to be quite important with my skills and classes that I take is being a graphic designer for a Walk
Event for my school. The opportunity for a graphic designer who would design a poster/flier for the Walk for Suicide event was open and I choose
to create a design and submit it for the chance to be featured. My responsibilities involved creating a design that would clearly express the beliefs
of the Walk for Suicide event, state information such as the event time and address, and to intrigue the eye and to create interest overall. The event
was something I believed to be very important so I took my time on creating the design which took a 2 days, with my ability to create and deliver
in a timely manner. My design was actually chosen and used on different social medias of the event and was an experience that I believe helped me
learn more about time management, deadlines, communication of information while doing something I enjoy.
Cashier/Waiter/Greeter 
March 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
A volunteering experience that I took part in was a Dog Fair back in 2013, it was an opportunity for people to come into the fair and find dogs
that they wanted to adopt and also a chance for dog owners to come in with their dogs and participate in Dog races, raffles, and purchase many
other dog related things in support of the Dog adoption agency to care for the other dogs that had currently not been adopted yet. My first
volunteer job there was a greeter for everyone who had entered the fair, I was to record who came into the park, asking for any donations, and if
they wanted to participate in the races or raffles. As the fair days progressed and my skills had shown to improve around the fair goers, I was
upgraded to a waiter at many of the stands that were around to sell food. I up-sold the menu items, and beverages to increase the profits that
would go towards donations for the dogs. I took the necessary steps to meet customer needs and to resolve any food or service issues. I was able
to record the orders, repeat them back in a clear, understandable manner and communicated with the other volunteers. I rotated around, taking on
the responsibilities of a cashier, waiter, and greeter to provide the highest service I could give.
Work History
Animal Caretaker 
June 2014
 
to 
Current
 
City
 
, 
State
Family Babysitter 
May 2013
 
to 
May 2015
 
City
 
, 
State