ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary
Persuasive business development professional, successful at establishing and maintaining key partnerships with corporate decision makers. Offering
more than 12 years of successful corporate business development and operations experience. A top-performer with the entrepreneurial vision and
leadership skills to drive business expansion. Proven skills in driving results, product development, project management, account management and
problem solving. Successful at leading large scale commercialization of new platform and innovation initiatives for highly visible capital projects.
Recognized for leading teams to exceed results in fast paced, high growth business environments. Committed to healthy eating, healthy living and a
healthy planet. Bilingual.
Highlights
Business Development Cross Functional leadership New Product Commercialization Effective Negotiator Manufacturing Processes Change
Management Operations Management Build Dynamic teams Marketing Strategy and Innovation Diversity and Mentoring
Accomplishments
Recognized for leading teams to exceed results in fast paced, high growth business environments
Granted "Values in Action Award" for an outstanding leadership role
Granted, "Values in actions award" for leading a flawless execution
Kraft Foods, Coffee Bean Brilliance Award, 2015
Kraft Foods, President Choice Award, 2013
Experience
Associate Director Business Development
 
12/2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Lincoln Led commercialization effort for the largest
platform innovation program and the largest strategic partnership in the history of Kraft Foods with over $25MM capital investment in multi
countries. Y1 combined GR +$300MM Avatar Responsible for leading team engagement which includes establishing strategic team meetings,
review project time lines and cost regularly with the project team, facilitate creation of mitigation/contingency plans and manage communication to
senior leadership and manufacturing facilities.
Operations Supervisor
 
01/2012
 
to 
12/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Co-led the largest new product initiative in the history of Kraft Foods.
Delivered $140MM GR in Y1. Spear headed first moment of truth and shopper relevancy by creating in store merchandising program and by
designing and delivering sales materials and shelf set recommendations for top 5 customers. Developed IMC by creating the consumer response
plan for social media, direct consumer and CRM. Developed full recommendation on Direct to Consumer launch strategy, timing and resources.
Created pre and post launch performance and pricing trackers. Managed business analytics, quarterly forecast, annual contract, consumption
report and budget for two brands with a combined GR of $150MM. Created first Instant Yuban In-Store merchandising program that resulted in
$2.2MM incremental Lead the coffee category cross-functional teams in the development and implementation of a broad project portfolio of 46
programs that included; new product development, packaging structure and graphics changes, productivity initiatives and In-Store merchandising
programs. Delivered projects within the specified cost, time and quality parameters. Facilitated the definition of project scopes, goals, tasks,
people resources and cost requirements. Assisted in the resolution of conflicts within Kraft functional teams, and between Kraft and its business
partners. Led the package change and commercialization of the new Instant Coffee Plastic Jar. Granted "Values in Action Award" for an
outstanding leadership role. Department leader responsible for Operations and P&L Accountable for meeting safety, quality, productivity,
maintenance and financial goals.0.2MM favorable against OB Most profitable line in the coffee sector with plastic bottle yield less than 0.0001%
and equipment productivity of 98%. Implemented the second largest packaging change and restructure on time and within budget by leading the
department's conversion from a can making operation to a depalletizer/warehouse operation. Developed safety, quality, warehouse management,
operations procedures and training program. Reduced crewing from 19 employees to 12, and developed the department's coordinator position to
empower the work force to enter leadership roles. Created and led a culture of self-directed employees towards enhanced results, by the
equalization of training across the department. Introduced the warehouse management, FIFO, and lean culture. Granted, "Values in actions award"
for leading a flawless execution Supervised over 30 union employees in the can and vacuum packaging departments. Responsible for 5 production
lines, and maintenance activities. Accountable for meeting Production, quality, and safety requirements. Utilized computer tools such as MES, SAP
and KPIs to identify, track, and address equipment downtime and improve OEE (overall equipment efficiency). Reduced product rework and
packaging waste by 32%. Successfully implemented the company-redesign initiative by cross training employees, resolving Developed CBT
(computer based training) presentations for monthly safety training for all 300 Successfully worked through labor relations issues that resulted in
favorable decisions for the January 2002 Estimated the utilization of resources and calculated the lead time, assuring high quality and low Ranked
as top performer for surpassing commercialization expectations of the largest partnership in the crewing issues, and reducing labor costs. Led
QCMS department initiative and served as an internal auditor. Created and Implemented operational and administrative training for new
supervisors in the department, and developed guidelines for future training processes. employees in the plant. company, saving over $100M. BV
AND ASSOCIATES, INC January 2000 to Project Engineer Jacksonville, FL Participated in the identification, planning, and execution of design
projects. cost. Summarized the final project reports using FDOT (federal department of transportation) city standards, and quality specifications.
Applied engineering computer applications (Micro station and AutoCAD).
Integrated Marketing Campaign
 
01/2012
 
to 
01/2012
 
Company Name
 
2012 MH / Yuban Instant Coffee customer-specific action plan across top
10 retailers Led the execution of the Instant Yuban blend reformulation targeting Hispanics consumer to fill the gap in the West region. Created
Yuban 2012 Integrated Marketing Campaign brief in collaboration with the agency, incorporating new consumer learnings to develop new SVC
target to include Hispanics. IMC drove realization across the brand of a new business opportunity. Additional responsibilities included a major
packaging redesign and downsizing initiative, development and commercialization of new promotional items, consumer promotions tactics (shelf
banners, FSIs, in-store display) and sales support.
Education
Master of Business Administration
 
: 
Essentials of Financial Management. London
 
University of North Florida, Coggin School of Business
 
City
 
,
State
 
, 
US
 
University of North Florida, Coggin School of Business Master of Business Administration Jacksonville, Florida Essentials of Financial
Management. London, England May, 2008Sun Yan Set University
 
City
 
, 
CN
 
Global Branding Strategy, Sun Yan Set University. Beijing, China May, 2007
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Production Engineering Continuous Improvement and Management
 
EAFIT University
 
EAFIT University Bachelor of
Science: Production Engineering Continuous Improvement and Management Medellin, Colombia Professional Recognitions Kraft Foods, Coffee
Bean Brilliance Award, 2015 history of Kraft Foods. Y1, GR $188MM
2014
 
HACE Leadership Academy
 
Kraft Foods Delegate at HACE Leadership Academy, 2014
Certifications
CBT Targeted Selection Certified Interviewer OLA (Organization Latinos at KFT) Certified Recruiter Anthony Robbins, Life and Wealth Mastery
University Graduate President, Kraft Foods Latino Council, KFT Beverages Green Belt Lean Six Sigma Color Analyst - Fashion Institute of
Technology, NYC
Languages
Fluent in English and Spanish
Affiliations
Created Yuban Integrated Marketing Campaign brief in collaboration with the agency
Presentations
Developed CBT (computer based training) presentations for monthly safety training for all 300
Skills
Packaging, Accountable For, Maintenance, Operations, Training, Associate, Autocad, Cbt, Computer Based Training, Engineer, Fdot, Machine
Safety, Mes, Project Engineer, Safety Training, Sap, Vacuum, Award, Budget, Fifo, Self-directed, Warehouse Management, Merchandising,
Business Development, Mitigation, Sales, New Product Development, Product Development, Transmissions, And Sales, Ibm Svc, Integrated
Marketing Campaign, Marketing, Marketing Campaign, Promotional, Sales Support, Svc, Crm, Customer Relationship Management, Pricing, Its,
Jar, Account Management, Change Management, Exceed, Leadership Skills, Manufacturing Processes, Marketing Strategy, Mentoring, New
Products, Operations Management, Problem Solving, Project Management, Recruiter, Six Sigma, Six-sigma, Financial Management, Branding,
Continuous Improvement