GENERAL MANAGER
Professional Summary
Manager with 
seven years of experience coordinating office management and special projects with a high degree of efficiency. Serve as point
person for Directors, staff, clients, and vendors to ensure proper lines of communication. Maintain excellent communication skills, problem
resolution abilities, and a high-level of confidentiality. Excellent Customer Service, Accounting & 
Basic Book-keeping, Processing Payroll, Client
relations experience. Analytical & detail oriented with a proven record for producing quality work in strict timelines. Exercise Independent
judgment , decision making abilities, and a high level of confidentiality. Manage a diversity of routine functions in a hospitality 
environment.
Skills
Work History
GENERAL MANAGER
 
, 
11/2009
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
-Responsibilities: Reviewing correspondence 
& writing responses; Assisting the Director of the institute; Manage and plan special events
and conferences; Train & Supervise other staff; Oversee the purchases & maintain office supplies & equipments; Schedule appointments;
Assisting in the Recruitment process, Taking care of marketing the institute so that we get good no.
of admissions every year.
Maintaining appropriate records of student's progress and development ; Making the schedules for the staff members; Checking the log-
books of the teachers from time to time and giving appropriate feedbacks.
Responding to walk-in inquiries and inquiries over the phone.
Coordinated projects and events exercising ability to improvise, improve procedures, and meet demanding deadlines.
Liaison between all impacted departments to ensure proper communications and reporting practices.
Plan and coordinate corporate luncheons, and develop presentations for related on-site and off-site meetings.
Organize the details of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas and itineraries.
Oversaw daily office operations for staff of 
[Number]
 
employees.
AN ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT 
& PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER
 
, 
11/2003
 
to 
08/2009
 
Company Name
 
– 
State
 
Teaching : To teach the Multi-lingual specialists English Grammar and teach them techniques to avoid errors in writing English; marking work
and giving appropriate feedbacks; researching new topic areas and maintaining up-to-date subject knowledge.
Editing : Proofread every file for English grammar, sentence structure, punctuation and general content before the files are uploaded and sent
to USA head office.
Continuing Education: Conduct seminar classroom education; conduct exercises in grammar, punctuation and sentence structure.
Feature American cultural notes.
Provided Administrative Assistant to the General Manager.
Organize the details of special events, travel arrangements, corporate agendas and itineraries.
ACHIEVEMENT : Was promoted to their sister concern company as the Center-Manager, Aakash Institute, Guwahati 
by the Directors
after a year's time due to my hard-work and dedication.
Maintaining records and organizing files.
Responding to reviews & correspondence.
Drafting and Correspondence.
Preparing presentation in Power-point.
Assisting the managing Directors.
Basic accounts and Administration.
Plan Meeting and Events.
Make Travel arrangements for the Director.
Responding to multi-line phone systems & directing them to appropriate Departments.
Company Name
 
CENTER-MANAGER
 
, 
10/2003
 
to 
09/2008
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Oversaw daily office operations for employees.
Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers.
Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.
Created company's first employee manual including training and development.
Liaised with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies.
Planned and executed all aspects of office headquarter move.
Managed executive calendar and coordinated weekly project team meetings.
Prepared program operating budgets, budget reports and other financial performance reports.
Education
Bachelors degree
 
: 
Law
 
, 
1 2000
 
MASTERS 
IN ENGLISH 
LITERATURE FROM GAUHATI UNIVERSITY
 
- 
Law
Skillsaccounting, accounts payable, Accounts Receivable, Administrative Assistant, administrative support, Photoshop, Basic, Billing, conferences,
content, directing, Drafting, Editing, ENGLISH, special events, Filing, General Manager, HINDI, inventory, LANGUAGES, letters, notes,
Director, managing, marketing, Meetings, Excel, office, Outlook Express, PowerPoint, Power-point, Microsoft Word, works, Internet research,
organizing, payroll, phone systems, presentations, progress, Recruitment, reporting, researching, Teaching, phone, Travel arrangements