DRIVER/MANAGER
Professional Summary
4 years of total customer service and physical labor. Great time management and interpersonal skills. The perfect team player and top of the line
customer service. I'm looking to fill a position where I can not only sharpen my skills in the work place, but also contribute to any business to help
it grow more.
Experience
Driver/Manager
 
, 
06/2015
 
to 
10/2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Loading and unloading truck at warehouse during assigned times, ensuring customers were happy with their products, unloading for
individual contractors or residents upon product delivery; built relationship to better give our customers the best quality of good as well as
customer service.
Further increased my role within the company, where I would manage a spoke route that would deliver merchandise by bicycle and tricycle.
I handpicked orders depending on time frame and quantity, then loaded bikes and tricycle depending on distance as well as timeframe.
Maintained.
Dispatched each cyclist to ensure we meet time schedules and budget expenses.
During deliveries and at end of day I recorded all deliveries, calculated late and early drop offs, missing or wrong orders, which cyclist
delivered each order, also emailed day results to Amazon managers and warehouse managers.
Personal Accountant
 
, 
03/2008
 
to 
12/2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Gather and organize patient billing data, inclusive of demographics, insurance and appointment needs.
Manage front desk, inclusive of answering calls, greeting and logging patients into system, confirming appointments as necessary.
Responsible for open and close, as well as safety procedures supporting facility requirements, disposal of hazardous material, Filed Patient
charts post examination and logged appointments into data base.
Reviewed patient accounts, gave references to other doctors.
Construction
 
, 
12/2007
 
to 
05/2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Worked on home renovations, business offices, Red Lion Hotel Convention center construction, backyards, all with a licensed contractor to
different sites on the east side.
Bellevue towers, offices, hotels, 
and residential properties, few out of state projects in Portland, OR as well).
Prepped for lead construction.
Overshadowed a professional contractor, traveled with professional contractor.
Education
High School Diploma
Graduated
 
:
 
communications
 
,
 
2017
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.3
 
GPA: 3.3 communications Attended Shoreline CC for 2 years where I obtained my AA in
general studies, as well as courses in Psychology and Kinesiology.
Interests
Captain of my high school and JUCO basketball team. Winning multiple team awards. Helped coach and trained younger athletes to maximize
their potential as athletes, students, and individuals. Competed in Men's Basketball at Shoreline CC; helped take my team to NWACC's.
Competed in Track at Juanita High School my senior year for the first time and made it to districts. Participated in the BSU (black student union)
at Bellevue College. Where I helped plan, organize, and execute meetings and school activities to pass down knowledge and help other students
become what they have set out to be.
Personal Information
Very diverse individual coming from a multiracial house hold. With other plans to become a successful individual later on in my life. Working and
living for my future and not for the moment being. Respect, courtesy, and communication are very important to me as I feel these three
characteristic have helped me in life so far and can never hold me back in any situation.
Additional Information
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT(S) AND ACCOMPLISHMEMTS Great Microsoft Office Skills Captain of my high school and JUCO
basketball team. Winning multiple team awards. Helped coach and trained younger athletes to maximize their potential as athletes, students,
and individuals. Competed in Men's Basketball at Shoreline CC; helped take my team to NWACC's. Competed in Track at Juanita High
School my senior year for the first time and made it to districts. Participated in the BSU (black student union) at Bellevue College. Where I
helped plan, organize, and execute meetings and school activities to pass down knowledge and help other students become what they have
set out to be. Very diverse individual coming from a multiracial house hold. With other plans to become a successful individual later on in my
life. Working and living for my future and not for the moment being. Respect, courtesy, and communication are very important to me as I
feel these three characteristic have helped me in life so far and can never hold me back in any situation.
Skills
billing, budget, charts, customer service, data base, delivery, frame, insurance, logging, Psychology, quality, renovations, safety