CORPORATE ENGINEERING SUPPORT TECHNICIAN
Summary
TECHNICAL SUPPORT ENGINEER Technical Support 
Telecom Support 
Networking Support 
Software/PC/LAN Troubleshooting
Accomplished in Technical Support with 4 years of experience troubleshooting and maintaining user applications, workstations, and accounts
across multiple platforms (OS X, Linux, Windows, Android, iOS). Updated and written user-facing and IT-facing technical. *Provides outstanding
customer service and a strong ability to communicate technical concepts in a non-technical manner. Known for patience in dealing with frustrated
users.
Highlights
Installing, Configuring, Troubleshooting Windows, Linux and OS X
Installing, Configuring, Troubleshooting SoHo Networks
Creating & Updating documentation
Software Installation, configuring, and Troubleshooting
Implementing, Configuring network and End User Security
Mobile device Support
Printer Support
CLI Knowledge
VOIP, Video Chat Support
Critical Thinking with Root Cause Analysis
Encryption
File Structures
Network Protocols
AAA Security Model
Accounts and Group policy
Browser Support
TECHNOLOGY PROFICIENCIES
Operating Systems:
Windows 7-10, Ubuntu 14.04, OS X 10.8-10.11, ChromeOS, iOS9, Android
Applications:
MS Office 2010-2016 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), Google Apps (Drive, Docs, Sheets, Slides, Keep, Forms, Sites), Google
Drive Sync Client, Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari, Edge, OpenVPN, Wireshark, Sublime Text, MSRA, Microsoft RDP,
OpenSSH, Puppet, SCCM 2012 iOS-MDM
Networking
TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, LAN/WAN, VPN/Remote Connectivity - OpenVPN, some basic Cisco iOS, Microsoft Virtual PC/Hyper-V,
TeamViewer, Terminal Services, Netgear, Linksys, Firewall, Ports, experience in Routing & Switching (OSPF / BGP / VLAN / STP),
Strong desire to learn more
Hardware:
Dell, HP, IBM/Lenovo, Apple, Microsoft, desktop, laptops. Android Smartphones tables, and wearables. iPhones and iPads. Printers,
Routers, Switches, Modems, Wireless Routers, Video Conferencing equipment (TV, Projectors, Microphones, Speakers)
Security:
Basic knowledge of IPSEC / SSL-VPN / NAT / GRE, some experience with Authentication Protocols (Radius / TACACS), Strong
desire to learn more.
Experience
Corporate Engineering Support Technician
 
01/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Remote Support more than 120,000 employments.
Supported A wide variety of platforms including Windows, OS X, Linux (Ubuntu 14.04 LTS), ChromeOS.
Installed/uninstalled, configured, and troubleshot end user software (i.e.
SolidWorks, CAD, MSI, exe installers, dpkg binaries, and dmg binaries) and system management software (SCCM and Puppet).
Managed user account access with Active Directory and Google Groups based on Google's security policies.
Change, reset or lock user accounts.
User name changes and setup of account/email aliases for Google, Google X, and Nest.
Collaborate with other IT infrastructure teams (Linux, WinOps, SecOps, and NetOps) to resolve some of the most difficult issues and
infrastructure outages.
Help Desk Support Analyst II
 
06/2012
 
to 
08/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided Remote call center support for 600 New York Life Insurance agents.
Advised agents on the recommended specifications for now computer equipment based on each agent's needs.
Installed New York Life software along with WinMagic SecureDoc for Windows encryption.
Reset agent port passwords and access to OWA.
Installed and troubleshot end user software (Microsoft Office 2003-2008 including Outlook).
Implemented Security with Windows Firewall, Antivirus software, and browser hardening.
Troubleshot end user issues with windows, Malware, software updates and account creation.
Worked with the New York Life software team to adapt a modern standard for digitally download instead of CD-ROM distribution viamail service for software updates.
Contributed to revamping how new employees are trained and the streaming the information needed to learn the functions of the job.
Pushed for New York Life to standardize what computer hardware and Version of Windows agent should be buying to handle the modern
software.
Using Pluralsight.com, I taught myself the basics of Help Desk Support with the CompTIA A+(801/802) training courses.
I learned the Must have knowledge for Network concepts and troubleshooting with the CompTIA Network+(N005) course.
Building on learning the basics for general computer and networking troubleshooting I learned the concepts of security with the CompTIA
Security+(SY0-301) course.
CBTNuggets.com.
Certifications
Using CBTNuggets.com, I continued to build my system administration skill with the CompTIA Linux+/LPIC-1 course. I then built my Microsoft
Windows Server with the MCSA 410, 411, and 412 course. I updated some of my prior knowledge with the CompTIA Network+(N006) and
Security+(SY0-401). Continuing with Networking I am now taking a course for Cisco's CCNA. I am also moving forward with security. I am
taking the EC Council Certified Ethical Hacker(v8.0) course. To understand system management better I am learning Bash scripting and Python.
Skills
A+, Active Directory, Antivirus, Apple, Bash, Basic, BGP, CAD, call center, CCNA, CD-ROM, CLI, Cisco iOS, Cisco, com, Hardware,
computer hardware, Council, Critical Thinking, Encryption, Client, Dell, DHCP, documentation, DNS, Edge, email, Firewall, Forms, Help Desk
Support, HP, IBM, Insurance, Internet Explorer, LAN, laptops, Linux and OS, Linux, access, Excel, mail, Microsoft Office, MS Office, Outlook,
PowerPoint, Windows 7, Microsoft Windows, Windows, Word, Modems, MSI, Networking I, Network, Networking, Networks, Operating
Systems, OS, OSPF, policies, Printer, Printers, Protocols, Python, Routers, Routing, scripting, Software Installation, SolidWorks, SSL, Switches,
system administration, tables, TCP/IP, TV, troubleshooting I, Troubleshooting, Video, Video Conferencing, VPN, VOIP, WAN