LABOER FLOOR CONSTRUCTION WORKER (ALL A ROUND)
Experience
Laboer Floor Construction Worker (all a round)
 
, 
06/2015
 
to 
11/2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards. 
Assisted skilled workers with construction projects in all phases of rough and finish
carpentry. 
Extensively trained in plumbing, carpentry, painting, plastering, machine servicing and installation. 
Built and disassembled
scaffolds, bracing and barricades. 
Teacher & Speacial skill development coach
 
, 
02/2015
 
to 
12/2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Attended workshops on learning goals, classroom management, student motivation and engaging learning activities. 
Determined the training
needs of each student through academic assessments. 
Clearly communicated objectives for all lessons, units and projects to students.
Developed partnerships with industry and secondary education institutions. 
Promoted good behaviors by using the positive reinforcement
method. 
Created and implemented developmentally-appropriate curriculum that addressed all learning styles. 
Conducted small group and
individual classroom activities based on differentiated learning needs. 
Helped prepare daily lesson plans for activities and lessons.
Encouraged students to be understanding of and helpful to others. 
Physically and verbally interacted with students throughout the day to
keep them engaged.Also I'm a fast learner strong fit in shape young man easy going great spirit who loves to work an uplifting, problem
solving,task accomplishing, at work ahead of time team player following all rules becoming a better man daily.A great asset an
worker/employee following the guild lines to success. Â Â 
 
Musician Artist Poet Creator Mentor(2003 an present)
 
, 
06/2003
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Adapted to the established art style of the studio for consistency and quality purposes. 
Critiqued other artists' work and gave constructive
feedback. 
Worked alongside the entire development team in an energetic and creative environment. 
Created a series of rough sketches for
review, revision and approval. 
Produced imaginative illustrations in an efficient and timely manner. 
Clearly communicated updates and
concerns to the appropriate team members and managers. 
Successfully resolved a range of complex artistic development issues for both
artists and team members. 
Summary
Hello there,I'm Xavier Thomas all detail-oriented 
LaborerÂ 
 
equipped with expert knowledge of cleaning equipment, products and
techniques. Focuses on completing all tasks quickly and with high quality standards in mind. I Mr.Xavier Thomas is a
 
daptable and
friendly hard dedicated workerÂ and team player with comprehensive background in crisis communications and media relations
management.
 
Analytical and 
efficient in tash Â handling anÂ 
 completing
 Â assignments.
 
Highly-motivated community service
professional skilled at networking, media.
 Motivated my philantrapy called A.S.S.I.F with non-profit marketing and advertising
background and advanced knowledge of B2B marketing, negotiations and branding. 
outreach and relationship development.
Flexible and versatile team player who maintains a sense of humor under pressure.Im very d
 ependable and hard-working
laborerÂ with more than 3years in the construction industry. Thrives in a fast-paced environment and works to complete projects
quickly and efficiently.I
 
m salesmanÂ 
 
with extensive knowledge of the fashion and cosmetic industries. Energetic, outgoing and
driven to reach company goals.
 
Im hands on,hard working,honest,Full of energy,easy going with a great sense of humor,respectable
upright manÂ 
 who's
 
Â all for the success an bettering the company an my coworkers for the whole collective.
 
Physically fit Laborer
effective at completing difficult projects and tasks on schedule. Consistently follows through with all orders and instructions. Works
well in a team setting.
 
Skilled Laborer who thrives independently or as a team member. Proactive in creating a safe and productive
environment.
Highlights
Highly responsible and reliable
Works well under pressure
Safety-oriented
Concierge dutiesÂ 
Strong communicator 
Exceptional interpersonal skillsÂ 
FDA food guidelines awareness
Arts and crafts
Team building
Poised
Organized
Detail-oriented
Meticulous attention to detail
Conflict resolution techniques
Marketing savvy
Dedicated to process improvement
Works well under pressure
Fluent in English
Communicates effectively
Driven
Charismatic
Adaptable and flexible
Process development
Excellent verbal communication
Sales proficiency
Accomplishments
Assembled product containers and crates. 
Connected hoses and operated equipment to move liquid materials into and out of storage tanks onvessels. 
Packed containers and re-pack damaged containers. 
Equipment Maintenance
Inventory Control
Product Inspection
Project Planning
Maintained daily cleanliness of broiler and fryers.
 Assisted in maintaining preparation and service areas in a sanitary condition.
Cleaned and inspected galley equipment, kitchen appliances, and work areas. 
Cleaned and organized eating, service and kitchen
areas. 
Cleaned and sterilized equipment and facilities. 
Executed daily production lists and goals. 
Greeted each customer with friendly
eye contact. 
Inspected restrooms for cleanliness and availability of supplies and cleaned restrooms when necessary. 
Performed all
transactions in a cordial, efficient and professional manner. 
Placed clean dishes, utensils and cooking equipment in storage areas.
Completed an average of 
7
 
Inventory
Cleaned facilities at a rate of at least 13
 ,000
 Â square feet per hour.
Commended for having a perfect attendance for
 Â 12Â 
 months.
Completed 
4
 projects in 
1
 Â years, all on time and at or under budget.
Led a crew of 
7
 Â general construction laborers.
Developed and implemented an innovative internal communications strategy to improve employee engagement through
strategic messaging. 
Customer Interface
Sales
Customer Service
Led successful property-wide effort to reduce energy and water consumption. 
Grew new product sales
100% in 
[number]
 
days. 
Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key
accounts.
Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.
Education
Keneseology an Business
 
,
 
2020
 
AntelopeValley Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
U.S.A
Coursework in Nutrition, Psychology and Communications
3.00
 GPA
Coursework in Keneseology
Coursework in Warehouse Operations 
Transportation BusinessÂ 
Specialized in Sanitation an heavy Equipment operating
Â 
 
Coursework in Travel and Tourism
Hair treatment training
Sanitation training
Emphasis in being an advanced Learner
 Communications, English and Journalism coursework
Coursework in Buisness Relationships an Mangement
Emphasis in people skills
Coursework in Environmental Science and Biology
Coursework in Communications and Psychology 
anitation
Coursework in Communication and Theater Arts
Graduated in 2012 from Oklahomacity,Oklahoma
Â Continuing school next semester furthering my education
High School Diploma