SALES MANAGER
Summary
Friendly and enthusiastic with over six years of specialization in hospitality. Able to learn new tasks quickly and proficient in growing key customer
relationships. Represent establishment with friendly, professional demeanor at all times. Able to work in a fast paced establishment and passionate
about exceeding expectations.
Highlights
Client relations specialist
Conflict resolution techniques
Team management
Meticulous attention to detail
Skilled multi-tasker
Deadline-oriented
Management of remote employees
Focused on customer satisfaction
Efficiency
Excellent verbal communication
Accomplishments
Customer Assistance
Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Customer Interface
Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions, and orders.
Experience
Sales Manager
 
01/2015
 
ï¼​ 
07/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Active Learning Social Perceptiveness Reading Comprehension Computers and Electronics Picker Amazon Obtain merchandise from bins
or shelves.
Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.
Cashier Zaxbys
 
09/2014
 
ï¼​ 
01/2015
 
City
 
, 
State
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits.
Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans.
Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts.
Plan parties or other special events and services.
Perform marketing and advertising services.
Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints.
Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.
Greet customers entering establishments.
Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies.
Sell tickets and other items to customers.
Process merchandise returns and exchanges.
Place merchandise on conveyors leading to wrapping areas.
Read orders to ascertain catalog numbers, sizes, colors, and quantities of merchandise.
Oversee regional and local sales managers and their staffs.
Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale.
Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs.
Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase.
Visit franchised dealers to stimulate interest in establishment or expansion of leasing programs.
Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.
Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales.
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or.
01/2014
 
ï¼​ 
07/2014
 
City
 
, 
State
09/2010
 
ï¼​ 
01/2014
 
City
 
, 
State
Education
May 2012
 
High School Diploma
 
:
 
General Business Ringgold High School
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Monitor checkout stations to ensure that they have
adequate cash available and that they are staffed appropriately. Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas and complete other general cleaning
duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans. automatic debits. Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers. Assist
customers by providing information and resolving their complaints. Establish or identify prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills
using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners. Greet customers enteringestablishments. Answer customers' questions, and provide
information on procedures or policies. Sell tickets and other items to customers. Process merchandise returns and exchanges. Assist with duties in
other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items. Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins.
Supervise others and provide on-the-job training. Stock shelves, and mark prices on shelves and items. Bag, box, wrap, or gift-wrap merchandise,
and prepare packages for shipment. Post charges against guests' or patients' accounts. Keep periodic balance sheets of amounts and numbers oftransactions. Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change.
Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales. Compute and record totals of transactions. Compile and
maintain non-monetary reports and records.
Skills
advertising, balance sheets, calculators, cash receipts, cash registers, catalog, commodities, credit, Critical Thinking, Resolve customer complaints,
Decision Making, Electronics, special events, features, focus, Inspect, Issue receipts, mark, marketing, money, policies, Reading, Read, real
estate, Sales, scanners, staffing, tables, telephone