TEACHER
Summary
Child care professional with background as a Family Support 
Specialist and a Teacher looking to join a growing 
and service-driven organization.
Highlights
Detail oriented
Skilled multi-tasker
Deadline- driven
Fast Learner
Culturally sensitive
Effective communicator
Accomplishments
Received a Certificate of Appreciation 
for dedication of service and 
outstanding performance in August 2004.
Received a Certificate of Completion at Los Angeles Southwest College.
Experience
Teacher
 
08/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Provide children ages 3 to 5 years old with a learning environment and experiences which help them develop socially, physically, and
emotionally in a manner appropriate to their age and stage of development.
Promote family engagement in the child's education and well being.
Provide training and guidance for parent and other classroom volunteers.
Make a minimum of two home visits with each child's family and hold a minimum of two parent conferences each year.
Assist parents to organize and implement parent activities; 
encourage, facilitate, and support parental involvement in all aspects of the Head
Start Program Assist with transition to kindergarten or other child care or school placement.
Prepare and maintain accurate records, including child observation, individualization, lesson plans, attendance, lunch count, parent
participation, in-kind contributions, and others as directed, using proper spelling and accurate calculations.
Attend parent conferences, home visits, center meetings, case reviews, IEP/IFSP meetings, staff meetings, parent meetings, in-service and
pre-service meetings, and other meetings as directed.
Carry out authorized emergency and safety procedures and administer first aid.
Comply with State of California Health and Welfare Codes including Title 22; Head Start Performance Standards; Children's Institute
policies and procedures, and other applicable state and federal regulations.
Home Visitor
 
09/2008
 
to 
06/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Identified, recruited and enrolled families for participation in the HS Program.
Worked with a caseload of ten (10) to twelve (12) families by going to the family home every week for at least ninety (90) minutes per
family per week.
Consulted with families and staff in identifying a family's or child's challenges/needs; explores solutions; Worked with parents to develop
weekly home visits and weekly activity plans based on each child's assessment and identified family needs; Planned, participated and
implemented socializations twice a month.
Worked with parents to establish a Family Partnership Agreement and assists them in attaining established goals.
Fostered the view and practice in parents that they are their child's first teacher and reinforced this concept with practical suggestions, Acted
as a liaison and advocate between community resources and HS families; Helped families as necessary to arrange and keep medical and
dental appointments as required by HS; Performed other duties as assigned.
Youth Counselor/ Family Support Specialist
 
06/2004
 
to 
09/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Recruit and enroll families into the program.
Developed and maintained meaningful, productive relationships with providers and families.
Secure informed consent for family participation in program evaluation.
Conduct periodic home visits to assess family resources and needs.
Refer and link children and parents to needed services.
Maintain enrollment throughout the program year through various recruitment strategies.
Work in collaboration with other program staff and specialists to monitor, track, and coordinate services for children and families.
Assist parents with understanding and implementing the Family Partnership Agreement in order to encourage and promote their overall
development, including achievement of self-sufficiency, as well as positive developmental outcomes for their children.
Collaborate with staff to facilitate children's transitions.
Assist with outreach to families and recruitment of infants and children with disabilities into the program.
Collaborate with Mental Health Specialist (MHS) or refer to specific resource agencies to ensure the health and nutrition needs of infants,
children, and families are addressed.
Participating with Early Education Expert to lead teams of education, family support, and other support staff (i.e., mental health, disabilities)
to plan and implement targeted and intensive interventions for children displaying challenging behaviors Communicate with education andcare staff regarding infant/child's progress in the classroom.
In collaboration with the classroom teacher, implement protocols to follow up on.
Program worker
 
06/2002
 
to 
09/2004
 
Company Name
 
State
Assist the program director in supervising and instructing youths at the 
program.
Ensure that health information are up to date.
Maintain proper control in a suitable and safe environment in assigned areas.
Participates in staff development and trainings.
Maintain records and document services in a timely manner.
Enter service data into management information system.
Participate in the local and statewide evaluation, and ensure compliance 
with the state policies.
Attend family support team meetings, staff meetings, staff trainings, collaborations, and planning meetings.
Prepare periodic progress reports (weekly, monthly as required.
Education
Child Development Site Supervisor's Permit.
 
: 
Child Development
 
2012
 
South West College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States Of America
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
English Language
 
1999
 
University of Jos 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Nigeria
Skills
Child care, Family servicing, conferences, first aid, instructing, lesson plans, directing, meetings, Mental Health, management information system,
policies, program evaluation, progress, protocols, Maintain records, recruitment, safety, staff development, supervising, teaching and Computing.