ENGINEERING BUSINESS UNIT LEADER
Summary
I am seeking a position within a Maintenance/Engineering department. I have completed a Bachelor of Science degree in Engineering Technology
with a concentration in Computer Engineering and a minor in Computer Science from Middle Tennessee State University. I feel that I am a great
candidate to be employed in technical role due my education and experience with ArcelorMittal and PepsiCo. Course work for my degree
included instrumentation controls and engineering economy, which is beneficial for technical manufacturing positions overseeing capital spend.
Instrumentation controls class work show the design of electrical, hydraulic and pneumatic systems and other associated equipment that work in
relation to one another. Engineering Economy provided me with the concepts of OEE, supply chain, and project cost effectiveness. I was able to
use my education and gain experience with ArcelorMittal as an Operations Technician. As an Operations Technician, I was responsible for the
OEE of automated weld cells. To ensure productivity, I reviewed faults in PLC programming, Fanuc Robot programming, or mechanically which
required my problem solving abilities. I was required to understand CAD drawings and wiring schematics to troubleshoot and install components
on the line, in which one has to have great analytical skills to accomplish. In my most recent experience with Frito Lay, I have gained experience
through the Project Engineer & Maintenance/Engineering Business Unit Leader positions. The Project Engineer role required me to have excellent
verbal and written communication skills. While holding this position I worked extensively with all departments within the facility on their requests to
improve safety, quality & efficiencies. I was the technical point of contact between Frito Lay department leaders & vendors/ integrators. This role
required my organization and planning skills to be at the highest level for projects to be implemented with minimum distribution to the supply chain.
I currently hold the position of Maintenance/Engineering Business Unit Leader. 
This role includes maintaining & improving line OEE and doing so
within the limitation of a parts, labor and capital budget. My team and I review daily reports by production supervisors to solve issues ranging from
an immediate daily fix or prepping the work for the next preventive maintenance schedule. 
I am responsible for developing the skills of 34
mechanics, two admins and three shift supervisors by providing feedback on a one to one basis. Also, I am responsible for training mechanics to
ensure work was being performed safely by OSHA standards and ensure a quality product was being produced to Frito and Federal/State
Regulatory Laws. Frito Lay developed my leadership skills requiring me to engage and develop personnel to meet KPIs. My college career at
MTSU, along with my vocation at ArcelorMittal and Frito Lay has provided me with great experience. My experience would make me a great
candidate for this position at your facility. Thank you for taking the time to look at my resume and considering my request. Sincerely, Aaron Lovely
Engineering Maintenance manager, who is a self-motivated, passionate individual with excellent decision-making skills, is seeking a technical
position within an engineering team. Courses for an Engineering Technology degree require the ability to learn electrical and mechanical systems.
Successfully put my education to use and expanded my learning in the electrical and mechanical field with my profession at ArcelorMittal and
PepsiCo Frito Lay Division. Strengths include communication, team work, problem solving skills, and leadership.
Experience
Engineering Business Unit Leader
 
Jan 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Increased OEE performance from 13th rank to 4th in company by developing crewing models and using best practices with computer
management maintenance system.
Managed yearly labor budget of $3.1Million and parts budget of $2.4Million successfully achieved a goal of $1 better to plan.
Executed $1.2Million of productivity projects through automation, efficiency improvements & headcount reductions.
Project Engineer
 
Jan 2013
 
to 
Jan 2015
 
Company Name
Managed yearly site capital budget of $825 Thousand in site projects of asset improvements.
Awarded Productivity award for successfully installing five robot cells.
Developed teamwork so that projects are completed on schedule.
Operations Technician
 
Jan 2011
 
to 
Jan 2013
 
City
 
, 
State
Contributed to a consistent line OEE of 85%.
Made safety solutions that supported the plant to "Zero time off due to injury YTD".
Awarded 86% of possible bonus due to meeting yearly KPIs.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Sciences
 
, 
Engineering Technology Computer Engineering Computer Science
 
Middle Tennessee State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Engineering Technology Computer Engineering Computer Science AutoCAD, Electrical Circuit Analysis, Programmable Logic Controllers,
Electrical Mechanical Systems, Instrumentation and Controls, Industrial Electricity, Engineering Economy, Visual Basics, C++, Technical Grammar
Skills
AutoCAD, C++, Visual Basics