DESIGNATION: HR ASSISTANT
Professional Summary
Human resources coordination and management professional offering a strong background in employee training and development, new hire
orientations and employee relations.A Committed HR Professional with around 3.5 years of qualitative experience in HRD/Administration including
Recruitment & Selection, Performance Management System, MIS & HRIS, 
Employee Master, Training & Development and HR 
ISO
documentation.
Core Qualifications
New employee orientations
Maintains confidentiality
Human resources audits
HRMS
HR policies and procedures expertise
Staff training and development
MS Word, MS Excel and MS Power point.
Experience
Designation: HR Assistant
 
Mar 2008
 
to 
Jun 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Â 
Â 
Recruitment
 
:
Sourcing and short listing resumes from job portals, 
jobs postings and internal data bank 
based on Recruitment 
Specifications and needs
given.
Sending the screened profiles to the indenter, obtain the shortlisted profiles from indenter 
and 
coordinate the Interviews.
Preliminary screening of candidates at junior and middle level.
Preparing and Issuing offer letters to selected candidates.
On boarding process and induction programme for the new joinees.
Completing joining formalities and preparing appointment letter and Salary break up.
Performance Management System:
 
Â 
Assisted in design and development of Performance Appraisal Forms and setting up of new appraisal system.
Assisted in indentifying and designing the Competency Framework.
Assisted in Conducting of PMS Awareness workshops to all employees across 
the group.
Guide employees to fill-in Performance Appraisal Forms by clarifying their 
doubts.
Assisting executive staff in designing KRAs.
Interact with functional heads and ensure receipt of Appraisal forms 
within the time frame.
Increments through the Grading & Percentage
Accountable for MIS, HRIS and Employee Master :
 
Â 
Making a consolidated list of additions, separations, transfers (in/out), Regularized of 
all department/Process.
Compilation, preparation and generation of reports in different formats.
Preparation of Employee attrition rate details (Business, Cadre and Function wise) and reasons for Separation of Employees.
Training and Development:
Identification of Training needs based on Performance Appraisal.
Planning of Training Programs, Preparation of Training Calendar & Preparing training budget Identifying the internal and external trainers
Arranging 
internal & external training for employees.
Archival 
of training material Maintaining training records & evaluating effectiveness of training.
Keeping track of 
trainings provided to the new joinees (OJT)Leave & Attendance:
Collection of attendance particulars, list of joinees, separations, confirmations, regularization and transfers of employees for preparing pay
sheet.
Obtain details of employees salary advances, TDS Deductions and other recoveries if any, from 
Accounts department.
Making entries and necessary changes in pay sheet to generate payroll.
Prepare pay sheet and sent to accounts department for processing salary payments.
Prepare individual bank advices showing the salary amounts to be deposited in individual 
employee accounts.
Updating the leave balance of the employees as per the attendance reports.
HRIS :
 
Â 
Tested and uploaded and running live data into Greytip software since testing to go live.
 Â 
Additional Responsibilities :
 
Â 
Maintaining personal files of an employee as per ISO audit requirement.
Updating ISO HR dash board.
Handling employee grievances.
Solely responsible to do the documentation for the HR team for certification of ISO 9001:2000 Exit interviews and formalities
Drafted department-specific employee announcements.
Management Trainee, QA
 
Aug 2007
 
to 
Dec 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Involved in the quality process of various projects according to ISO 9001:2000 standards.
Monitoring the fortnight reports and quality objectives for the projects assigned.
QMS Induction for the new joinees.
Arrange kick off meeting for all the projects
Informing the project leads about the statutory compliance of documents .
Took training of Software Development Life Cycle.
HR Coordinator
 
Nov 2006
 
to 
Apr 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Screening profiles using various job portals 
& shortlisting candidates as per the requirement
Coordinating with the recruitment head at the time of walk-In's
Conducting telephonic interviews and scheduling 
for next levels of 
interviews
Preparing offer letters and appointment letters for the new joinee's
Completing all the joining formalities and sending the training schedule to the respective Department head and the joinee
Induction to HR policies and introducing the employee to 
all the departments 
and 
creating a 
friendly environment 
for the new joinee to work
Responsible to maintain 
hard and soft copy of all employees 
records
Worked with employees and management to address staff members concerns
Managing 
all HR administrative issues related to personal files , employment contracts , work confirmations 
and notification letters
Managing exit formalities and conducting exit interviews
Administered performance appraisals
Skills
HRIS, ISO, Recruitment, Performance Appraisal, Training & Development, Leave & Attendance,Entry & Exit
Education
MBA
 
, 
Human Resource
 
2005
 
Bankatlal Bhadruka Collage
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
India
B.COM
 
, 
Commerce
 
2003
 
Pt.Ravishanker Shukla Uiversity
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
India
Languages
English : 
Advanced and FluentEnglish : 
Advanced and Fluent
Hindi : Advanced and Fluent
Telugu : Advanced and Fluent
Bengali : Conversational
Spanish : Conersational
Personal Information
DOB : September 
28th , 1982
Nationality : Indian
Marital Status :Married
Visa Status : EAD