BILLING SERVICES ASSOCIATE
Professional Summary
Detail-oriented and versatile government, commercial, and non-profit billing professional with proven ability to efficiently manage multiple
assignments while meeting strict deadlines. Excels at cultivating and managing internal and external client relationships. HIGHLIGHTS Exceptional
verbal and written Proficient with Microsoft Office Suite communication with all executive levels (including SharePoint) and PeopleSoft Dedicated
to process improvement 
High customer service standards Meticulous attention to detail 
Time management and positive attitude
Work Experience
Billing Services Associate
 
September 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Oversee all aspects of billing operations performed by the Office of Society Services (OSS) staff including, invoice generation and
distribution, payment processing, and retention of related records.
Serve as the subject matter expert on the systems used to process billing services including netFORUM, LaserFiche, Media Services Group
(MSG) Ad Manager, Elan Web, and train other staff in the use of these systems.
Work closely with Accounts Receivable and Tax Office to resolve any issues with invoicing and collecting revenue for ACS products and
services.
Provide general customer support via phone and email as needed based on operational levels, and serve as primary point of contact when
OSS manager is out of the office.
Distributed daily batch workload to team within 24 hours of receipt and assign deadlines to meet service level agreements.
Worked with internal business units to resolve billing discrepancies in a timely manner.
Established reasonable deadlines for billing orders and worked with staff to ensure targets were met.
Leading this effort, the team's average completion rate was 94% for the year 2014, representing an improvement over the year 2013 rate of
84% and well in excess of the established baseline of 75%.
Exceeded expectations of providing resources and training to the OSS team to accomplish assigned billing tasks for ACS publications,
publications' advertisement, and other miscellaneous billing.
Once became knowledgeable of all billing processes and systems utilized, department operations were streamlined and documented through
Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Created a service level agreement spreadsheet on SharePoint to summarize the measures of each billing service/project.
Was awarded in September 2014 for supporting the transition of a billing project known as ACS AuthorChoice.
This required working closely with the Publications department in the Columbus, OH ACS office to build the transition plan, including
creating workflow charts and customizing sales transaction reports.
Introduced new Records Retention/Scanning service to the Office of Society Services in January 2015.
Formulated idea of the OSS staff offering to scan documents/agendas for the entire ACS organization to reduce office clutter and to convert
hard copies into digital format.
The first test run for a Membership business unit was successful and reduced offsite storage fees in half.
Client Accounting Coordinator
 
July 2007
 
to 
July 2012
 
Company Name
Manually generated, reviewed, and processed 70+ government and commercial client invoices on a monthly basis utilizing Maconomy X
accounting system.
Types of contracts for billing included T&M, CPFF, FFP, and Cost Reimbursement.
Interfaced daily with Project Managers to ensure final invoices were in compliance with appropriate contract guidelines and regulations.
Reviewed and included supporting documentation with invoices, such as expense verification, activity reports, and budget summaries.
Processed write-offs and recorded journal entries.
Prompt turnaround time with processing invoices once approvals were received from Project Managers Assigned turnaround time for
processing invoices after receiving edits from Project Manager was 24 to 48 hours, but consistently prepared final invoices within the same
day of receiving approval.
Provided with the opportunity to prepare budget trackers, which was originally prepared by the Senior Contracts Administrator.
Because of the ability to learn the manual billing procedures and accounting system in a very short period, was assigned to complete monthly
budget trackers to include with invoices.
Nominated and received the June 2011 Employee of the Month award.
Established high credibility with Project Managers, which allowed them to ask for assistance with other aspects of finance (acted as liaison
between Project Managers and Accounts Payable/Receivable).
Internet Billing Coordinator
 
May 2005
 
to 
July 2007
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed 45 federal government agencies ensuring their internet billing and account information were presented accurately every month.
Audited accounts to ensure the nodes were attached to the correct mobile telephone numbers.
Researched and evaluated options for meeting user needs with the internet billing system, and guaranteed that system requirements were
identified and incorporated successfully.
Assisted in recuperating lost revenue.
Processed exceptions (missing and/or incorrect data) to guarantee that customers were correctly invoiced through the internet system in
order for companies to receive payment for services rendered.
Proactive in supporting Account Managers, Consultants, and Account Liaisons with internet billing concerns.Answered internal business units' questions and resolved situations regarding the internet billing analysis system in less than one hour time
frame.
Conducted one-on-one training sessions on how to utilize the billing system and download multiple reports and invoices.
When necessary, would attend conference calls with account liaisons and clients to help with internet billing issues.
Received 2006 Excellence Award, in which was nominated by team members.
Consistently implemented new ways of resolving customer concerns and shared those ideas with the internet billing team.
Senior Customer Service Representative
 
December 2003
 
to 
April 2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided world classcustomer service taking inbound calls from customers while meeting productivity and quality standards.
Resolved customers' issues on first-call basis, including handling escalated concerns and follow up if needed.
After nine months in position, started taking escalated calls in manager's queue.
Served as acting manager handling escalated customer concerns for two hours or more per day.
Processed team credits and holds on customer accounts.
Evaluated customer billing statement credits to ensure they were valid and approved promptly.
Assigned to assist new employees at the Practical Assessment Center.
Chosen to train 20 new employees on product knowledge and quality call flow before they transitioned onto their new team.
Monitored live calls twice per week for quality assurance and provided feedback after each monitoring session.
Education
BBA
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
2003
 
Temple University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Administration
Skills
accounting, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Ad, ask, billing, billing system, budget, charts, Contracts, client, clients, customer service,
customer support, documentation, email, finance, frame, government, invoicing, Office, OSS, processes, Publications, quality, quality assurance,
receiving, sales, Scanning, service level agreement, service level agreements, spreadsheet, Tax, telephone, phone, workflow