SENIOR DIGITAL PRODUCER/MULTIMEDIA SPECIALIST
Summary
Seasoned digital journalist with 17 years of experience in digital communications to include marketing initiatives, email campaigns, event planning,
web content management, social media strategy, database management, writing, editing and digital video production. Experienced Logistics expert
and Post 9/11 veteran with over 20 years of leadership experience in the United States Air Force Reserve.
Highlights
Photography/digital video background
Experience with Final Cut Pro and Adobe Creative Cloud - non-linear editing
Content curation and SEO expert
Copyediting and proofreading
Graphic design
CSS, XML, HTML, js
Brand communications
Data visualization
Social media
Effective team leader
Supply and logistics planning
Project management
Ground and air transportation
Global logistics
Strategic planner
Project development and work flow planning
Cargo tracking
Secret security clearance
Training and development
Accomplishments
Redeployed over 10,000 Air Force personnel and 50,000 short tons of cargo out of Iraq in support of Operation New Dawn and Afghanistan in
support of Operation Enduring Freedom to include coordinating the redeployment of the last military unit in Iraq (combat truckers) and Defense
Logistics Agency personnel as well as personnel swap-outs at the US Embassy in Baghdad. Received the Meritorious Service Medal for these
accomplishments.
Experience
Senior Digital Producer/Multimedia Specialist
 
November 1998
 
to 
February 2016
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Created, curated and managed the digital content for 24 community news websites and special niche pages/sites under the umbrella of
www.thisweeknews.com and columbusparent.com
Produces digital video projects for both news and sports stories from concept to delivery.
Produced award-winning digital video projects and special series with multiple installments.
Serves as community manager for ThisWeek's various Social Media outlets/channels on YouTube, Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram
and blogs.
Performs data analysis/metrics via Adobe Omniture/Chartbeat and Google Analytics
Served as project manager for multiple CMS platform conversions and site redesigns over the past 8 years from planning, development,
design, QA through to launch and production.
Optimizes news and sports content 
with outside links, maps, slideshows, multimedia presentations and video for SEO and TOS.
Works closely with news editors and managers to achieve daily digital goals.
Produces digital content to optimize the user experience by being attentive to live web metrics and user experience best practices.
Enhances the news content with outside links, maps and slideshows.
Builds out special sections and site features to enhance coverage and increase user engagement.
Works with sales department to create niche sites, contests, polls and other initiatives that require web/print content
integration/enhancement.
Works with news staff to plan, structure, report, edit and write news and information content to include the facilitation of print content to
web and vice versa.
Coordinates with news editorial and technical staff to facilitate the migration of multimedia content to new media platforms, including video,
audio, still photos and graphics.
NCOIC Logistics Readiness Flights, (MSgt.) 
February 1988
 
to 
July 2013
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Deployed as the Logistics Plans Superintendent for the 386 Air Expeditionary Wing, Ali Al Salem AB from December 2011 to June 2012.
Redeployed over 10,000 Air Force personnel and 50,000 short tons of cargo out of Iraq in support of Operation New Dawn and
Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom.
Served as facility manager for a 8,000 square-foot passenger terminal and supervised eight Airmen on two shifts to provide 24/7 combat
support operations.
Analyzed war plans on a regular basis to determine Air Expeditionary Force (AEF) taskings.
Monitored mobility equipment status to ensure deployment readiness.
Developed and supervised preparation of logistics annexes for operations plans and orders, programming plans, and general support,
contingency, and exercise plans.
Monitored and resolved logistics limiting factors.
Prepared, evaluated, and supervised all aspects of deployment planning, dispersal, sustainment, recovery, reconstitution, exercises, and
logistics support procedures.Conducted installation surveys to determine support capability.
Coordinated the publishing, distributing, maintaining, and implementing of base support plans.
Identified limiting factors, shortfalls, and alternate support methods to enhance supportability of transiting and bed-down forces.
Analyzed and recommended requirements for forward movement of forces to support theater commanders.
Integrated redeployment planning actions with functional area representatives.
Monitored preparation, negotiation, coordination, and maintenance of support agreements.
Prepared, compiled, coordinated, published, distributed, maintained, and implemented deployment guidance.
Prepared for and supervises deployments and redeployments.
Monitored deploying personnel and equipment products.
Designed lesson plans, conducted OJT training and tracked formal skill-level training for five logistics planners in the LGRDX workcenter.
Digital content editor
 
July 2004
 
to 
December 2011
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Columbus Audubon Board of Trustees.
Editor of the joint Grange Insurance Audubon Center/Columbus Audubon bi-monthly newsletter, the Song Sparrow.
Editor and content manager of Columbus Audubon's Web site www.columbusaudubon.org.
Social Media manager for Columbus Audubon's Facebook, Twitter and blogs.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Journalism
 
, 
September 1994
 
The Ohio State University School of Journalism
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Marketing, Public Relations and Journalism coursework
Coursework in Business, Communications and Advertising
Commercial Photography coursework
Professional Affiliations
Air Force Sergeants Association, Veterans of Foreign Wars, Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America, Team RWB Columbus, Disabled
American Veterans, Wounded Warrior Project Alumni, Society of Professional Journalists, Cleveland Press Association, Local Media
Association, Former member of PRSA and PRSSA.
Awards
First place for best online use of multimedia, for the Heroin Hits Home series, Cleveland Press Association Annual Awards, June 2015.
United States Air Force Meritorious Service Medal, June 2013.
United States Global War on Terrorism Expeditionary Medal, June 2012.
United States Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, June 2012.
United States Air Force Expeditionary Service Ribbon with gold border for serving in a designated combat zone, June 2012.
United States Air Force Commendation Medal, October 2009.
Song Sparrow Award for Outstanding Volunteer Service in Conservation, Columbus Audubon 2009
Best Group-Owned Weekly Newspaper Web Site in Ohio, Ohio News Association, February 2012. (ThisWeek team award)
United States Air Force Achievement Medal, March 1998.
Skills
Social media, digital video and multimedia, content curation, 
digital strategy, web metrics and SEO optimization, digital engagement, community
engagement, public relations,