MATERIAL LOGISTICS SPECIALIST
Career Overview
Vacancy Identification Number (VIN: 1192501) Claims Assistant (Intake 
Specialist), GS05/07. Over 10 years of Administration and Logistics
Specialist experience. Comprehensive knowledge and hands-on experience in all aspects of supply: shipping/receiving customer service and safety
management. Specialized in organizing supplies, records, and accountability/inventory forms. 
Skilled in logistics automation systems and data entry.
Created and presented administrative documents using Microsoft Power point, Excel and Word.
Professional Experience
Material Logistics Specialist
 
April 2000
 
to 
Current
American Airlines 
S: Phil Simpson Hanger 1, 21st Street 
P: 972.425.3350 May contact DFW Int'l Airport, Texas 75261 
40 hrs/w,
$48,000/yr Duties: 
Responsible for receiving, requisitioning, shipping, warehousing, storing, dispersing and recording parts, equipment and
supplies.
Experience in inventory, records keeping, and machinery equipment operations.
Stores a wide variety of tools, jigs, fixtures, equipment and materials and issues them upon request to authorized personnel; upon receipt of
replacement items or return of issued items, checks against appropriate requisition form for discrepancies by such operations as counting
items, examining items visually and manually for defects or wear.
Corrects routine errors in forms and refers others to supervisor; bins items in serviceable condition, sort's non-serviceable items into salvage
or scrap.
Bins according to their condition; makes minor repairs.
Maintains inventory within established specifications and in serviceable condition by following the appropriate procedure to exchange a
broken tool, to request repairs, or to requisition additional supplies; reports overdue items and shortages to supervisor.
Equipment & Supply Supervisor
 
June 1999
 
to 
April 2000
 
Company Name
33rd Street 
P: 972.574.0612 May contact Dallas, Texas 75261 
40 hrs/w, $50,000/yr Duties: Responsible for all aspects of airport catering
functions, to include assisting in the selection and professional development of new management and non-management employees.
Develop and coordinate all work schedules for approximately one hundred (100) employee work groups and directed work through three
Duty Managers.
Monitors the accuracy of delivery of all scheduled flight meals.
FEDEX Ground
 
March 1998
 
to 
June 1999
 
Company Name
4901 Village Creek Road 
P: 817.561.3050 May contact Fort Worth, Texas 76119 
40 hrs/w, $55,000/yr Duties: 
Responsible for the
courteous and efficient pick-up and delivery of customer mail and packages.
Maintain in a friendly, efficient and reliable manner with all customers.
Develop proper use of the hand-held scanning/package tracking devices.
Ensured all customer information was entered into FedEx systems accurately.
Manage and react to day-to-day operational requirements in a professional and timely manner.
Establish goals and achieve departmental results, holding self and others accountable for those results.
Business Administrator
 
July 1978
 
to 
September 1998
 
Company Name
55 hrs./w, $50,000/yr.
Coordinated daily administrative activities and directly supervised 10 to 15 clerical personnel Trained and evaluated the job performance of
all personnel assigned within this department Established work standards, assigned and scheduled workflow, delegated work to subordinate
managers and supervisors, and reviewed work completion Conducted monthly individual and group counseling session with involuntary and
resistant clients Provided client counseling evaluations to upper management Trained employees on software programs: Word Perfect,
Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and Sabre System.
Education and Training
Certificate of Achievement - Business Administration, CTU, Santa Ana, CA 08/10 Certificate of Achievement - Operations Management, CTU,
Santa Ana, CA
 
: 
5 2014
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
3 2014
 
California Coast University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Administration
High School Diploma
 
: 
1 1
 
Lake Providence High School
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Personal Information
Citizenship: US 
Veterans Preference: VRA / 30%
Skills
administrative, Business Administration, clerical, CA, counseling, client, clients, delivery, forms, inventory, machinery, materials, Excel, exchange,
mail, Power Point, Microsoft Word, Monitors, Operations Management, personnel, pick, receiving, recording, repairs, Sabre, scanning, shipping,
supervisor, warehousing, Word Perfect, workflow
Additional Information
Citizenship: US 
Veterans Preference: VRA / 30%Honors, Awards 08/98 Veterans Preference Awards (Expeditionary Medal, National Defense Service Medal, Navy Achievement Medals.)
Other Information I certify that I can type 40+ words per minute and that the information within this resume is accurate.