CONSULTANT
Executive Profile
As a professional in health care for over 40 years, I have had numerous experiences, clinical and nonclinical, that would be an asset to any
organization. I have authored numerous policies and procedures and technical advisor for several books. Working as Paramedic, Nurse, Travel
Nurse (ED and Home Health), Manager, Educator, Consultant, Director, Regulator, 
and serving on two Board(s) of Directors, I am a people
person, and have developed and managed teams of people and achieved many goals.
Core Accomplishments
Readylink Healthcare, Travel Nurse, (2003 and 
2005), ED contract- Sarah 
Bush Lincoln Healthcare, Mattoon, Illinois.
ED nurse for a busy central Illinois ED, with significant rural trauma and medical services.
Agostini and Associates, Travel Nurse (2004)-ED contract-Mercy Merced Medical Center, Merced, California ED Nurse for a facility
serving a highly noncompliant population, resulting in a very high acuity and census.
Provena Covenant Medical Center, Resource/ED Nurse, and (2002-2004) - Resource Nurse for the hospital included: Support services to
all hospital departments Performed difficult procedures and skills throughout the facility, including specialized intravenous lines, such as
PICCs, etc.
Specializing in the ED ED Staff Nurse.
St.
Margaret Mercy Hospital(s), Nursing Director (2001-2002) -oversight of operations between two hospitals, Hospital operations, rotated
between a 400 and 
200 bed 
hospital, both with a high census and acuity EDs, ICUs, CCUs, NICUs, PICUs, and a complete Psychiatric
facility.
Encountered numerous unique challenges, including the necessity of closing the hospital (bypass) at times due to census and\or acuity,
resolving conflicts, and adequate staffing.
ED Nurse, Supervisor, ED Registry, (1976 - 1998) Daley's Ambulance\Co*Med Transport, Director of EMS/Education/Human
Resources and National Affairs, (1975 -2001) EMT\Paramedic, then, Director.
Developed respected personnel, education, public relations, and employee health departments.
Established prestigious Specialized Critical Care Transport and Nurse Teams.
Grew company from 150 employees to 1000, and at its peak, 1000 transports per day.
Authored numerous policy and procedures for company.
Established infection control, including the new OSHA regulations.
Developed several customer service initiatives through various CQI programs using a team approach.
Board of Directors (15 years) for the American Ambulance Association (AAA) Board of Directors for the National Registry of EMTs.
Porter Memorial Hospital, EMS Director\Instructor, (1982 - 1985) Oversight of EMS system(s) operations, education (ED and EMS),
Paramedic and EMT programs, including Popular and unique continuing education programs.
Oversight of system operations.
Policy and procedures development CQI programs Fire Departments, Crete, Glenwood, and Cornbelt Fire Departments, (intermittent
between 1974 and 2005), Firefighter/Paramedic/Diver Career Achievements ED\EMS Consultant Technical Advisor for several 
books by
D.B.
Petit and Diane Petit Authored numerous 
policies and procedures, including regulations American Ambulance Association (AAA) Board of
Directors National Registry of Emergency Medical Technicians (NREMT) Board of Directors Excellence Award - Walter Schaefer Award,
(AAA), 1999.
Appointed to the Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) Regional EMS and Trauma Advisory Committee(s).
Implemented very successful Special Critical Care Transport and Nurse Teams.
Pilot project - evaluating the effectiveness of prehospital personnel providing HBV/PPD vaccinations, with IDPH and the University of
Chicago - demonstrated effectiveness.
Designed and implemented numerous policies and procedures, including, Drug Free Workplace (challenged successfully several times), and
a respected credentialing process for hiring EMS personnel, even respected by other providers and hospitals.
Negotiated Rule Making for Medicare (AAA) - resulting in a fair fee schedule with increased reimbursements for ambulance providers
throughout the nation.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
January 1999
 
to 
Current
 
Consultant
 
Operations and systems development.
OSHA and regulatory issues.
Startup EMS providers.
HBV\TB vaccinations.
Staffing, and patient care.
Company Name
 
January 2010
 
to 
Current
 
Assistant Director
 
Nursing.
Provided Home Health to patients, specializing in infusion therapy.
Supervision of nursing staff.
Case management.
Company Name
 
April 2014
 
to 
July 2014
 
Travel Nurse
 Mercy Home Health contract.
Supervised ancillary staff.
Provided home health to patients, throughout the Oklahoma City region.
Illinois Department of Public Health (IDPH) Office of Preparedness and Response, Regional Emergency Medical Services.
Company Name
 
January 2005
 
to 
January 2009
 
Coordinator
 
Working in the regulatory environment, providing oversight for all aspects of Trauma Centers, EMS and Emergency Department (ED),
which included:.
Site visits, investigations, conflict resolution, licensing, inspections, reviewing and approving all aspects of EMS and ED.
Disaster Preparedness and Response for Hospitals and EMS.
Education
Governors State University
 
Masters
 
: 
Health Administration
 
Health Administration
Valparaiso University
 
1 1988
 
BSN
Prairie State College
 
1 1978
 
State
Ingalls Memorial Hospital
 
1 1975
 
Emergency Medical Technician
Publications/Contributions Technical Advisor for several books-by D.B. Petit and Diane Petit Ambulance Industry Journal, AAA The Insider,
JEMS Communication Human Resource Manual, AAA Medicare Documentation Manual, AAA Clinical Standards Manual, AAA Expanded
Scope of Practice Manual, AAA Certifications-current and past Advanced Cardiac Life Support Emergency Communications 
RN, Illinois
National 
Incident 
Management 
System (NIMS) Basic Trauma Life 
Support 
(BTLS) Pediatric Advanced Life Support Domestic 
Preparedness
Certificate Pediatric Education 
for 
Prehospital Professionals (PEPP) CPR Certification MTI (Management Training Institute), Texas A & M, AAA
Paramedic, 1975 Amateur Radio (Ham Radio) License PADI Open Water Scuba Certification
Work History
Company Name
Skills
Ambulance, Basic, conflict resolution, CPR, Documentation, Human Resource, Management Training, Office, Nursing, Publications, Radio,
Staffing, Supervision, systems development, Technician