ACTING FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
Innovative Accountant proficient in extracting financial data from various reporting systems and suggesting key operational changes.
Accommodating 
[Job Title]
 
who effectively manages strict deadlines, schedules and repetitive tasks with a positive, can-do attitude. 
An accountant
and analyst with more than 8-years, proven experience spanning over oil and gas services, manufacturing, and trading business. The experience is
not limited to Financial & Management reporting, IFRS and US GAAP, Working Capital management, Cost control and reduction measures,
Internal Controls, ERP system implementation and development(Oracle, Hyperion, and Quick Books), Statutory compliance, Payroll & inventory
management, Business insight and support decision making, Planning, budgeting, forecasting, Capex control, Leadership and team management,
dealing with banks, internal/external auditors & business lawyers, advising management on financial strategy, Commercial proposals and evaluation,
risks coverage, Negotiating contract, dealing with client, Setting up new KPIs/Standards and measuring performance, due diligence,
implementation of corporate policies and governance. Key Professional Skills Financial Reporting & Analysis (IFRS and US GAAP). Budgeting,
Planning (Short, Medium and Long Term). System Development & Cost Controls. Project/Commercial evaluation. Prepare Activity Based Cost
analysis for new and existing business venture. Internal Controls & Financial Audits. Controllership of Accounting Operations. Team Leadership &
resource management. Bench Marking/Setting KPIs & Performance Measurement. ERP, MS Office, Power point, and advance Excel. Seeking a
growth oriented career in accounting, finance, analysis, and planning where my professional knowledge, skills and experience can be effectively
utilized.
Highlights
Analytical reasoning 
Computer Skills * Advanced in MS Excel, Access, Word and Power point. * SAP financial
accounting. * Oracle financials and Hyperion reporting. * Experienced in using Synapse, Citrix database,
QuickBooks pro and QuickBooks Premier. * Warehouse Management System, On Base, Mainframe, and Ultriva
(Inventory maintenance software). Seminars, Trainings & Workshops Attended:
Oracle Financial, Hyperion planning/consolidation.
CPE - certificates, for Rolling Forecast, Leadership in new age of Finance, and Delegation skills.
ABC Costing.
Certified in advance MS Excel.
ISO Quality Standards (OSHA).
First Aid & Safety.
Defensive Driving.
Analytical
reasoning
Financial
statement
analysis
Budget
forecasting
expertise
Account
reconciliation
expert
Effective time
management
Strong
organizational
skills
General
ledger
accounting
Accomplishments
Achieved 
[number]
 % cost reduction by eliminating redundant processes. Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis,
budgeting and forecasting.
Experience
Acting Finance Manager
 
, 
01/2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, and Jordan. 2011-To - Present A multinational group involved in Drilling, Petro Chemicals, Well Services,
Engineering, Mining, & Exploration/Production worldwide for Oil & Gas Sector. Working as Chief Accountant and reporting to General
Manager, responsible for the following functions: Accounting Operation:
Prepare and analyze monthly, quarterly, and annual financial reports with executive summary.
Prepare consolidated financials, and comparative analytical reviews for all entities.
Monitor cash flow and report cash management report on weekly basis.
Maintain integrity of general ledger, including the chart of accounts.
Manage accounts payable, including daily invoice processing, and resolve payment discrepancies.
Monitor accounts receivables and developed strategies to improve AR turnover ratios.
Reconcile and analyze all ledger and balance sheet accounts, including bank reconciliations.
Review, investigate and correct errors and inconsistencies in financial entries, documents and reports.
Maintain fixed assets accounts and depreciation schedule.
Review month-end inventory, physical stock counts and variations.
Execute month end closing procedures and journal entries, including accruals, and prepaid accounts.
L/Cs, Bank Guarantees, arranging facilities for the various group companies.
Review Zakat/Sales Tax and withholding taxation.
Liaison with internal, external auditors, banks, and business lawyers.
Supervise the staff for effective and timely reporting.
Develop and maintain internal controls and concrete document management.
Review vendors' agreements, and track supplier pre-determine performance measures.
Ensure and validated inter-company transactions.
Develop Adhoc reports as require by the management. Accounting Analysis and Planning:Perform cost analysis and evaluate profit margins of each business units.
Monitor performance and efficiency of the company.
Follow up on cost tracking, monitor and control correct cost allocation and proper recognition thereto.
Prepare budgets for short term and long term planning.
Prepare forecasting and comparative analysis to achieve financial goals.
Prepare costing model for new business, and Tender analysis for cost and profit evaluation.
Prepare comprehensive Activity Based Cost Analysis.
Conduct evaluations for cost reduction opportunities.
Ensure corrective actions are taken in view of analysis.
Participate in strategic planning, and formulating long-term business plans.
Generate monthly KPIs report, and assisted management in improving existing business standards. Major Achievements
Reduced cost by 400K USD over period of 2 years.
Won contract worth USD 500 Mn contract from ARAMCO, in 2014.
Developed internal reports to monitor & control the operating cost.
Brought receivables down from 120 to 65 days.
Implemented inventory management in ERP-Oracle Financials 12i.
Designed reports to have visibility of P&L to each unit level.
Determined basis for allocation of overhead cost to various cost centers and automated this in ERP.
Placed new KPIs, benchmarks & standardize cost to control/ improve.
Prepared 3, 5 and 7 years financial plans.
Worked as an Acting Finance Manager in absence of the Finance Manager, for a year. Other Special Assignments:
Involved in liquation process of MB-Jordan operation, and interacted with the client (British Petroleum, BP).
Compliance of Taxes and other regulatory requirements of government.
Demobilization of all assets from Jordan.
accountant
 
, 
01/2009
 
to 
01/2011
 
Company Name
IN, USA 2009 - To - 2011 A corporation involved in trading business of supplying oil & gas and consumer products. Worked as an
accountant, reporting to General Manager, with following responsibilities:
Posted daily sales and generate sales reports for month end closings.
Prepared cash deposit details and reconciled with bank.
Reviewed and approved all retail invoices, and posted all expenses.
Prepared detailed monthly inventory schedules, on average cost basis reconcile inventory account in systems to the general ledger.
Verified time card sheets and processed payroll, on weekly basis.
Prepared AR and AP aging analysis, and closely monitored cash flows.
Developed internal controls to secure all assets and inventory.
Reconciled all GL accounts and executed monthly financial accounts.
Generated and structured chart of accounts and all other templates required in Quick books premier.
Prepared sales tax returns on monthly basis.
Implemented Quick Books Premier and prepared customized chart of accounts and financial reporting.
Inventory and Supply Chain analyst
 
, 
01/2007
 
to 
01/2009
 
Company Name
IN, USA 2007 -To- 2009 A diversified multinational HVAC industry involved in manufacturing, engineering, supply energy efficient
technologies and innovative products and services for heating air conditioning systems and oil & gas sectors. Worked as Inventory and
Supply Chain analyst, reported to Purchase Manager.
Coordinated and managed flow of materials into, through and out of the manufacturing process.
Solved inventory issues in cross-functional and multicultural environment.
Prepared forecast analysis of more than USD 10 million of inventory.
Adopted strategies to improve material flow and cost reduction.
Managed inventory turnover to inventory supply level.
Posted all transactions into the system.
Prepare month end adjustments and entered into the system.
Reviewed manufacturing production goals.
Assisted management in launching pilot projects.
Analyzed variance reports on month end.
Executed audit plans for all supplier agreements, ensuring contract compliance.
Tracked supplier performance metrics relative to KPIs.
Provided ad hoc analysis and special projects as required.
Involved in conducting physical inventory to maintain 100% accuracy. Other Special Assignments:
Worked with buyers in transition of suppliers, and prepared comparison forecasted reports with actual production.
Generated budgeted and forecasted reports for a pilot project of ISD compressors.
Evaluated Inventory of more than one million dollar, and reduced inventory cost by 200K.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Business, Accounting and Finance
 
Kelley School of Business, Indiana University
 
Bachelor of Science in Business Major:Accounting and Finance Graduated: August, 2010 Kelley School of Business, Indiana University, IN, USA
Certifications
CMA Certified in advance MS Excel.
Skills
Inventory, Accountant, Accounts And, Ar, Basis, Cash, Cost Reduction, General Ledger, Internal Controls, Of Accounts, Sales, Sales Tax,
Accounting, Finance, Accounting Analysis, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivables, Balance Sheet, Bank Reconciliations, Budgets, Business
Plans, Cash Management, Closing, Concrete, Cost Analysis, Cost Tracking, Document Management, Employee Resource Group, Enterprise
Resource Planning, Erp, Exploration, Financial Reports, Financials, Fixed Assets, Forecasting, Invoice, Journal, Liaison, Manage Accounts,
Oracle, Oracle Financials, Petroleum, Receivables, Reconciliations, Strategic Planning, Taxation, Ap, Brand Marketing, Closings, Consumer
Products, Daily Sales, Financial Reporting, Generate Sales, Gl, Invoices, Payroll, Premier, Prepared Sales, Quick Books, Quickbooks, Retail,
Retail Marketing, Sales And, Sales Reports, Tax Returns, Trading, Ad Hoc Analysis, Adjustments, Air Conditioning, Audit, Compressors, Hvac,
Manufacturing Process, Material Flow, Metrics, Million, Supply Chain, Access, Accounting Operations, Audits, Budgeting, Citrix, Cma, Cost
Control, Cost Controls, Database, Due Diligence, Excel, Financial Accounting, Financial Audits, Gaap, Governance, Hyperion, Iso, Mainframe,
Maintenance, Management Accounting, Ms Excel, Ms Office, Operations, Proposals, Quickbooks Pro, Sap, System Development, Team
Management, Warehouse Management, Warehouse Management System, Word, Accounting And Finance