INTERIOR DESIGNER
Summary
Head designer for a Realtor developer, I have worked creating spaces and collaborating with contractors and architects. Developing innovative
concepts and uses for the spaces. For my residential work I go beyond the surface thinking of the function and the style of the space, while
working within a budget. Detail-oriented and the ability to learn concepts quickly. Excellent research, time management, and problem solving skills.
Networking with suppliers and merchants in the area, allowing access to the newest materials and furnishings. Meeting with clients to find out what
their wants and needs are, with consideration to their space and budget. Creating a design plan using CAD and developing professional boards to
show the concept of the space. Following up with clients upon project's completion to make sure they are satisfied. All this is done to help grow
their business and brand.
Highlights
Interior Design curriculum at Paier is designed to prepare the relationship between interior design and architecture. Basic
structural principles and construction methods are introduced. The studio courses incorporate programming, conceptual
design and development, and presentation skills. Guest juries of architects and design professionals regularly critique our
presentations. Courses in ID Business, Materials, Kitchen & Bath, and History of Interiors provide us with the tools and
critical thinking needed to succeed.
AutoCAD
Drafting
Microsoft
Office
Model Making
Corporate
Building Design
Residential
Planning
Kitchen and
Bath Design
Excellent
Communication
Skills
Ability to work
on multiple
projects
simultaneously
Creative,
innovative and
having problem
solving skills
Excellent
Attention to
Details
Team Player
Accomplishments
At PCA, I was involved with the school newspaper, Paier Perspective, where I co-wrote articles for the Interior Design Department and
consistently made the Dean's list through all four years.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Interior Designer
 
03/2011
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Interior Designer
 
11/2013
 
to 
07/2014
Networking with suppliers and merchants in the area.
Meetings with real estate agents, builders, and architects that we are working on projects with.
Creating and maintaining the materials library by ordering; materials, fabric samples, finishes, and design accessories.
Meet with clients, presenting the design plan and then reviewing the design plan according to the client's input.
Confirming the design plan, specifying materials, finishes, lighting and flooring.
Supervising the project to make sure it is done properly and according to the time-line.
August 2013 I started a new build of 3,200 sq.
ft.
it's a shoreline home in West Brook.
Everything custom designed from cabinetry with handpicked fixtures, staircases, fireplace, window treatments, to some of the furniture, all
custom crafted pulled together in a seamless way reflective of clients' personality.
I over saw that the project was properly planned by working closely with contractor allowing to complete on time and within budget.
May 2012 I started the remodeling and updating a North Haven home.
Up to date I have remodeled the den, living room, and the dining room.
I am currently working on a bedroom and renovating the kitchen.
In the summer of 2011, I interned at New England Kitchen and Bath in Glastonbury, CT, working with their head designer, Abbey Miller.
We were able to go through the process of a job start to finish.We went through the steps of designing and computer modeling of new spaces, the ordering of top quality materials and fixtures, to
overseeing the scheduling and workmanship of installers.
In the summer of 2009, I worked in East Hampton, New York at the Grand Acquisitor, an upscale Antique Dealer.
The store specialized in antiques such as; decorative accessories, lace, linens, silver, and furniture.
The key to succeeding in the antiques business is knowledge.
I was able to see 18th and 19th century furniture, clothes, accessories, and more.
Here I learned purchasing skills and the ability to spot a good find.
I also recorded and kept track of the inventory as well as helped in setting up displays.
Education
BFA
 
:
 
Interior Design Fine Arts
 
2013
 
Paier College of Art
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Interior Design Fine Arts
Skills
Basic, budget, conceptual design, critical thinking, client, clients, designing, interior design, inventory, lighting, Materials, meetings, window,
modeling, networking, presenting, presentations, presentation skills, programming, purchasing, quality, real estate, scheduling, Supervising
Professional Affiliations
The American Society of Interior Designers (Allied ASID) National Occupational Competency Testing Institute (NOCTI) certified in CAD