SENIOR CONSULTANT
Experience
Senior Consultant
 
, 
09/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Manage the relationship between CVS Health Med D enrollment operations and EGS (Expert Global Solutions), a.
vendor contracted to process member centric requests and operational processes with 230+ employees.
Engage.
with site directors, operations managers, HR, trainers, workforce consultants, and supervisors to strategically.
resolve workflow and deliverable issues.
Ensure continued service delivery and quality satisfaction from EGS and a successful working relationship between CVS and EGS.
Travel to two main sites bi-monthly during Med D's annual enrollment period to ensure successful training execution.
Set service expectations for each line of business.
Successfully brought up a vendor site with 100+ employees with a 2-month period, including access to all systems, training and escalations.
Raised quality from 70% to an average of 98% by holding the CVS business process owner accountable for providing job aids, updating
old work instructions and hosting level 3 meetings between with the CVS BPO, vendor trainers, supervisors and leads to review errors.
Consultant/Systems Consultant
 
, 
05/2012
 
to 
09/2015
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Produced MedForce Navigation, workflow work instructions, and management reporting capacities via.
Microsoft presentation.
Hosted live meeting trainings (Level 3) with various user groups.
Partnered closely with.
CVS Caremark trainers and new hires with system manuals, by building and maintaining MedForce bins,.
workflow, and scheduled jobs.
Produced cabinets, bins and workflow methods for claims corrected errors with documents routed incorrectly within MedForce.
Developed training materials for one of the major systems used at CVS Health enrollment operations department.
Trained 300+ employees on the system in-person and via level 3, while creating forms and workflow components within the same system.
Installed and maintained the system on all new and existing employee workstations.
Assisted in resolving all escalated requests coming into the MedForce administrative team's mailbox.
Created and helped maintain outgoing member services daily reports.
Assisted in all escalated issues within the Member services scanning team.
Built MedForce forms for claims with workflow bins, while documenting codes.
Conducted data reconciliation of reports and workflow discrepancies.
Developed training agendas and materials specific to various departments.
Consulted with internal business partners on best-in-class strategies for workflow development and metrics reporting.
Assisted with the enrollment recon project, while managing the credit card recon and removal MedForce project.
Managed the submission of change control tickets and UAT testing for MedForce enhancements.
Developed document imaging templates for successful OCR scanning.
Coordinator II /Administrative Assistant
 
, 
03/2010
 
to 
01/2012
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Provided assistance to managers and supervisors with any administrative requests.
Organized all imaging system.
processors views.
Monitored out-of-compliance tasks.
Maintained outgoing member services daily reports for.
leadership.
Built MedForce Forms for member services with workflow bins and document codes.
Created new hire profiles and views in MedForce quality control of scanning inputs.
Trained all new hires and assumed responsibility for daily Recon spreadsheet processing imports.
Devised daily new member roster loads and manually installed MedForce icons into member services and new hire desktops.
Managed the daily reinstatement processing of imports, the BEQ TRR code processing imports, and the ICE TRR code processing
imports.
Maintained 10-day letter and QC reports for corrective action.
Coordinator I /Administrative Assistant
 
, 
01/2009
 
to 
01/2010
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
MedForce Technology Supported the Medicare D Operations incoming member correspondence.
Identified the type of request.
and scanning mail into imaging system for various providers and there corresponding workflow, task type and.
bin.
Processed daily faxes from various email inboxes, identified type of request and imported imaging in.MedForce.
Created and fulfilled supply requests, while maintaining and scheduling conference rooms.
Coordinated benefits survey processes in accordance with Medicare guidance.
Coordinated and tracked all dis-enrollments, late enrollment penalties, and reinstatement letters in accordance with Medicare guidance.
Delivered audit support for MedicarePart D.
Updated and report to leadership mail counts daily.
Assigned daily tasks into imaging system to coordinators within MedForce.
Executed daily pre-forecast tasks for undeliverable mail and outbound enrollment verification calls in accordance with Medicare guidance.
Maintained email box for coordination of benefits.
Education
High School Diploma
 
Phoenix College
 
Summary
Positive and results-focused Consultant with 14+ years' experience in customer service, administrative, and leadership skills. Adept at building and
contributing to an enterprise dedicated in enriching customer satisfaction. Methodical staff support coach, focusing on the development of peers
and employees to ensure continued success both as a company and leader.
Highlights
MedForce technologies 
Written and communication skills Kronos 
Project management PeopleSafe 
Multi-tasking AS400 
Customer service
3270 (MEDS) 
Staff training and development Medicare systems: MARx and Ecrs 
Process improvement MS Office suite 
Vendor relations
Skills
administrative, AS400, benefits, bi, business process, credit, Customer service, CVS, delivery, desktops, email, Staff training, faxes, Forms, HR,
imaging, Kronos, leadership, letters, managing, management reporting, materials, meetings, access, mail, MS Office suite, 98, Multi-tasking,
Navigation, OCR, processes, Process improvement, processors, Project management, quality, quality control, reporting, scanning, scheduling,
spreadsheet, training materials, type, Vendor relations, workflow, Written and communication skills