SALES ASSOCIATE
Professional Summary
I am talented individual who will bring my sales talent, fashion sense, and passion for clothing to your company. i have a proven track record of
success in sales .i am looking for suitable position with a company that offers there staff superb career opportunities, job enrichment and a
supportive work environment.Â 
Core Qualifications
Sales expertise
Accurate money handling
Team player mentality
Reliable and dependable
Goal-oriented
Excellent communication skills
Sales force training
Persuasive communication expertise
Experience
SALES ASSOCIATE
 
04/2015
 
to 
05/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for actively promoting and selling the company's products to a wide range of customers in a very competitive market place.
Contacting potential customers that have shown an interest in the company's products and then selling to them.
Actively seeking new accounts in a wide variety of locations.
Updating of customer information in paper records and on computer databases.
Handling the complete sales process.
Researching new market and sales opportunities.
Educating clients on the company's products and services.
Converting prospects into active clients.
Keeping in touch with customers via a range of mediums such as phone calls, letters, Email and SMS.
Executing an organized, efficient and structured sales process making outbound sales calls.
Sale/Customer Service Representative
 
12/2012
 
to 
05/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Serviced existing accounts, obtained orders, and established new accounts by planning and organized daily work schedule to call on existing
or potential sales outlets and other trade factors.
Established or identified prices of goods, services or admission, and tabulate bills using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners.
Received payment by cash, check, credit cards Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
Submitted orders by referring to price lists and product literature.
Kept management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work plans, and monthly and annual
territory analyses.
Monitored competition by gathering current marketplace information on pricing, new products.
Recommend changes in products, service, and policy by evaluating results and competitive developments.
Maximized sales opportunities through outstanding customer service.
Established and maintain good customer relations, with both internal and external customers.
Spent time in the field promoting demonstrating company products.
Sales Associate/ Customer Representative
 
10/2010
 
to 
02/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Ensure that each customer receives outstanding service by providing a friendly environment, which includes greeting and acknowledging
every customer.
Maintain an awareness of all promotions and advertisements.
Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers.
Education
High School Diploma
 
June 2009
 
Charles Churn Christian Academy
Skills
advertisements, calculators, cash registers, competitive, credit, clients, customer relations, customer service, databases, Email, Issue receipts,
letters, market, market and sales, pricing, Researching, selling, sales, scanners, SMS, structured, phone