CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Summary
Technical support professional with extensive IT background. Enjoys troubleshooting to find solutions to technical issues.
Accomplishments
Effective administrator of both human and material resources.
Able to take a project from the blueprint and contract stage, through complex troubleshooting, to finalization.
Capable of delegating and prioritizing workload, scheduling manpower, equipment, and materials, monitoring productivity, quality, and
safety, and coordinating a project to achieve on-target, timely, and seamless completion.
Estimating: Strong analytical skills.
Able to research cost and time factors in order to formulate competitive project bids while protecting the bottom line.
Sensitive to budget constraints.
Keen ability to properly allocate expenditures and profitably manage expenses within preset parameters.
Communication: Articulate as a negotiator, presenter, advocate, and company spokesman.
Provide a viable liaison between various professions, disciplines, trades, crafts, and multiple levels of management and employees.
Manpower Development: Proven ability as a motivator, trainer, and team builder.
Successful at matching talent to need.
Able to identify and develop desirable personnel skills.
Experience
Construction Manager
 
Oct 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Manage all aspects of new home construction projects including customer relationship building, acquiring the proper building permits, budget
creation, scheduling construction, and overseeing field operations.
Direct personnel operations, conduct hiring, and schedule subcontractors and product material delivery.
Manage multiple simultaneous custom homes ranging in price from $600,000 to $1.6 million in Omaha and surrounding communities.
Oversee jobsite safety measures and municipal building code compliance per jurisdiction.
Construction Manager
 
Jan 2010
 
to 
Oct 2013
 
Company Name
Oversaw and managed a $30 million a year production build of custom higher end townhomes in the Copper Ridge subdivision in Omaha,
NE.
Worked closely with the developer to provide daily updates and progress reports on every construction project.
Job duties included pulling permits, scheduling the construction, hiring subcontractors, negotiating contracts, creating budgets, estimating,
jobsite safety, personnel training, and overseeing field operations.
Collaborated with the sales team on marketing to homebuyers to improve the sales process.
Provided input and creative ideas to new homebuyers in order to create a unique and enjoyable home building experience.
Constructed 85 out of 114 total homes built in less than 3 years.
Managed the construction of 17 single family homes in the Saddlebrook Villas subdivision.
General Contractor
 
Aug 2007
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
as an independent contractor specializing in remodeling services and new construction in both residential and commercial settings.
Residential projects include basement, kitchen, and bathroom remodels, deck building, room additions, and sunrooms.
Commercial projects include the retail and office build out for small and large businesses.
Provide self-performing contracting as either the general contractor or as a subcontractor.
Specialize in the restoration of older homes with modern updates and improvements.
Helped to facilitate a multistate retail outlet store build for Omaha Steaks.
Completed the retail space build out for the Complete Nutrition franchise in multiple states.
Coordinated the building of multiple Scooters Coffee Shops in Lincoln, NE, Olathe, KS, West Des Moines, IA, and Omaha, NE.
Remodeled the multiple cubicle office spaces at Mutual of Omaha, FDR, and DTN.
Remodeled the press room of the WOWT News Station in Omaha, NE.
Remodeled the Bellevue Foot and Ankle Clinic in Bellevue, NE.
education and Professional Development Current student at Randal School of Real Estate Licensed Class C Contractor with the City of
Omaha Insured and Bonded with the City of Omaha Registered Contractor with the Nebraska Department of Labor.
Education
OSHA Certified 10 Hours *ICC Residential Class C Certification IRC
 
2009
*Lead Abatement Certified *Experienced user of scheduling software, Microsoft Project and Builder Trend
 
2012
 
ITT Technical Institute School
of Drafting and Design
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Certificate of Completion, Advanced Network Technologies, Omaha, Nebraska
 
2001
 
MSCE for Windows 2000 / Server andProfessional
*Diploma, Computer Programming Specialist, Institute of Computer Science, 1990-1992 
Coursework: Mainframe programming languages in
BAL, JCL, and COBAL.
SkillsBAL, budgets, budget, C, COBAL, Computer Programming, negotiating contracts, delivery, estimating, FDR, hiring, JCL, Mainframe, marketing,
office, Microsoft Project, Network, new construction, developer, personnel, personnel training, press, programming, progress, Real Estate,
relationship building, retail, safety, sales, scheduling, Trend, unique, Windows 2000 / Server