ACCOUNTANT
Summary
Reliable Customer Service Representative with extensive track record in demanding sales and account management environments.
Personable and responsible Cashier with 2 years in retail and customer service. Solid team player with upbeat, positive attitude.
Results-driven with proven ability to establish rapport with clients.
Highlights
Strong organizational skills
Active listening skills
Sharp problem solver
Energetic work attitude
Resourceful
Dedicated team player
Account management
Results-oriented
Self-directed
Time management
Strong problem solver
Strong interpersonal skills
Accomplishments
Customer Assistance
Worked with company systems such as Live Support and diligently completed all assigned tasks, working overtime as needed.
Quality Communication
Interacted with 50+ affiliate stations in US and Puerto Rico, ensuring reliable and high-speed delivery to residential and small-business
customers.
Computed Data Reports
Provided required weekly, monthly and quarterly reports listing sales figures and client track records.
Customer Service
Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales
Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
Product Sales
Cross-sold services at a rate of 30%, upgrading customers to different plans and product packages.
Market Research
Interviewed clients via market research surveys to identify product issues and customer needs.
Customer Interface
Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.
Multi-tasking
Cashiered with two cash registers at once in tandem to maximize customer flow.
Database Maintenance
Assisted in the managing of the company database and verified, edited and modified members' information.
Experience
01/2014
 
to 
06/2015
accountant
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Investigated and resolved discrepancies in monthly bank accounts while under tight deadlines.
Collaborated extensively with auditors during preliminary and year-end audit processes.
Tracked all capital spending against approved capital requests.
Aligned all financial activity with the regulations of the GAAP.
Thoroughly reviewed financial statements and tax audits to correct any discrepancies.
Managed cash stock and inventory balances accurately.
Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.
Processed and issued money orders for customers.
04/2013
 
to 
11/2013
marketing and sales
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Contributed to relevant conferences and events both off-line and online to increase brand awareness.
Analyzed ratings and programming features of competitors to evaluate the effectiveness of marketing strategies.Managed both inbound and outbound marketing campaigns to generate new business and to support partner and sales teams.
Coordinated pre-show and post-show activities at trade shows.
Coordinated monthly and quarterly marketing and community events, such as aitel mobile money and online banking.
Presented on current promotions to the public at events and tradeshows.
Implemented and evolved high-impact strategies to target new business opportunities and new markets.
Successfully interacted with customers and retail buyers to expedite orders.
01/2012
 
to 
01/2013
customer service
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of store policies regarding payments, returns and exchanges.
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.
Organized weekly sales reports for the sales department to track product success.
Attended local, regional and national trade shows for product development training as defined by territory needs.
Worked under strict deadlines and responded to service requests and emergency call-outs.
Promptly responded to general inquiries from members, staff, and clients via mail, e-mail and fax.
Successfully interacted with customers and retail buyers to expedite orders.
Assisted customers with store and product complaints.
Processed and issued money orders for customers.
Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing high level of customer service.
01/2010
 
to 
08/2011
administrative assistant
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Maintained the front desk and reception area in a neat and organized fashion.
Served as central point of contact for all outside vendors needing to gain access to the building.
Planned meetings and prepared conference rooms.
Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
Supplied key cards and building access to employees and visitors.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Created weekly and monthly reports and presentations.
Managed the day-to-day calendar for the company's senior director.
Education
2013
Associate of Arts
 
: 
international business
 
MAKERERE UNIVERSITY BUSINESS SCHOOL
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
uganda
Coursework in Business, Marketing and Communications
Affiliations
MAKERERE BUSINESS SCHOOL.
Skills
Professional and friendly
Careful and active listener.
Multi-tasking
Strong public speaker
Cash handlingAccount management
creative.
Customer service.
Time management.
Telephone skills.