PUBLIC RELATIONS INTERN
Summary
Ambitious, service-driven 
student
 , looking to apply my education and experience to a job in Sports Management. Areas of proficiency include
communication skills, people skills
 
and a
Skills
Strong work ethic
Self-motivated
Data analysis
Empathetic listener
Communication skills
Foreign Language
Experience
Public Relations Intern
 
May 2017
 
to 
August 2017
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Established and maintained cooperative relationships with representatives of community, consumer, employee and public interest groups.
Targeted specific clientele to identify trends and developments that might influence PR decisions and strategies.
Successfully aided in the establishment of 
a new and upcoming Franchise.
Sales Associate
 
May 2013
 
to 
May 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Completed all cleaning, stocking and organizing tasks in assigned sales area.
Maintained knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges and security practices.
Provided an elevated customer experience to generate a loyal clientele.
Counselor
 
June 2011
 
to 
June 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Identified signs of emotional developmental problems in young students.
Referred residents and families to community resources to improve well-being and quality of life.
Educated families and community members about domestic violence.
Molded kids to leaders.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Communication, Current Sports Management
 
Texas A&M University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Communication, Current 3.481 Sports
Management
Interests
Volunteer, Special Olympics, October 2015- officiated teams, collaborated with different families, managed scoreboard 
*Community Relations
Volunteer, Texas Rangers Triple Play Gala Event, Summer 2016- handled auction items, organized seating arrangements, assigned various jobs to
people, advertised event, consulted with players and tended to their needs 
Leadership Positions 
*Public Relations- Decorations committee, Delta
Delta Delta, Fall 2015-current-Assisted organizing St. Jude philanthropy events, contacted different companies for supplies, promoted upcoming
events 
*Chapter Development- Intramural chair, Delta Delta Delta , Fall 2016-current-Uphold the obligations of Membership, participate in
officer training and transition activities
Skills
Strong communication skills, clientele, organizing, People skills, policies, Public speaker, quality, sales, Self-motivated
Activities and Honors
National Honors Society of Leadership and Success 
*Member of Delta Delta Delta 
Professional Summary 
Personable student who works
diligently at building effective relationships with clients and staff members. Highly deadline-driven. Motivated and detail-oriented who is flexible,
versatile and proficient at maintaining a sense of humor under pressure.
Additional Information
Volunteer/Service Experience 
*Volunteer, Special Olympics, October 2015- officiated teams, collaborated with different families, managed
scoreboard 
*Community Relations Volunteer, Texas Rangers Triple Play Gala Event, Summer 2016- handled auction items, organized
seating arrangements, assigned various jobs to people, advertised event, consulted with players and tended to their needs 
Leadership
Positions 
*Public Relations- Decorations committee, Delta Delta Delta, Fall 2015-current-Assisted organizing St. Jude philanthropy events,
contacted different companies for supplies, promoted upcoming events 
*Chapter Development- Intramural chair, Delta Delta Delta , Fall
2016-current-Uphold the obligations of Membership, participate in officer training and transition activities