IT CONSULTANT
Career Overview
Network administration veteran with extensive experience 
building, improving, supporting and architecting ASP-type infrastructures.
Qualifications
Windows Server 2000-2012, Active Directory, Windows Desktop O.S. 7 - 10, Exchange Server 2010-2013/VMWare vSphere (ESXI),
Amazon Web Services, EC2, S3, CloudFront, Glacier, RDS, MySQL, MS SQL, 
Linux Centos 6, Apple IOS, SonicWall, Office365 Software:
MS Office, RDP, Putty, SuccessWare21
Accomplishments
CERTIFICATIONS:.
Work Experience
01/2001
 
to 
01/2015
IT Consultant
 
Company Name
Implemented and managed IT infrastructure Designed and managed Windows Active Directory Network (Windows NT 4.0, Windows
2000 - 2012 servers); Managed MS Exchange, MS SQL, SuccessWare21, Symantec Backup Exec, Kaspersky Virus Protection servers,
and Sonic Firewalls; Managed and supported Tadiran PBX, AEONIX Contact Center, and CSI (VO) Call Accounting servers; Developed
and implemented secure remote access solution for sales consultants and field 
service technicians; Provided hardware and application
support for in-house and field service personnel; Installed, and troubleshoot applications and services on Windows and IOS devices;
Network Design and Installation (Windows Networking, Active Directory) Hardware/Software Installation and Configuration Remote
Access Solutions, including secure Wireless technologies Email Â§ Database Development Services Performance Monitoring and Tuning
Server Sizing and Capacity Planning Disaster Recovery and Business Contingency Planning Vendor liaison and product selection 24x7
network & application monitoring Â§ Comprehensive network support agreements.
01/1998
 
to 
01/2001
Sr. Systems Engineer/Project Manager
 
Company Name
01/1996
 
to 
01/1997
Network Analyst/Director of Operations
 
City
 
, 
State
Member of global systems integration team.
Provided field service functions in the maintenance, installation, and deployment of networking and document management solutions for law
firms and various other clients in the South Eastern United States.
Responsibilities include project management of server and network installations, upgrades, and conversions, daily monitoring and
troubleshooting of servers and networks, Citrix Metaframe 1.8, Citrix Metaframe XP, Citrix Nfuse, and 24 hour on call support.
Researched and defined client/server security architecture and provided technical leadership and coordination for the planning and
deployment of Citrix solutions.
Techmatics, In., Next Century Integration Develop and provide WAN and LAN solutions for various clients in Windows NT 3.51, NT 4.0,
WFW, and Windows 95 environments.
Including, Install and configure Internet access, remote access, system redundancy solutions that included all levels of RAID, and server
mirroring technologies.
Promoted to Director of Operations in December 1996, Washington Region: Supervised five employees: Successfully managed various
projects in implementing client/server and Internet solutions for various clients.
01/1992
 
to 
01/1996
Technical Analyst
 
Company Name
Responsible for the installation, maintenance and operation of all computer related hardware and software.
Work with Technology Supervisor and Personnel Supervisor to maintain consistency with regard to word processing procedures among
secretarial and word processing personnel and assist with ongoing training in new procedures.
Support all inter-office telecommunications, electronic mail and Internet services.
Serve as the System Administrator to Windows NT LAN supporting 150 users.
Administer SQL Server and PCDocs databases.
Coordinate with other firm offices regarding telecommunications procedures, and implementation of new technologies.
Interact with vendors in acquisition of new software and hardware.
Member of Morrison & Foerster Networking Taskforce: Provided feasibility study that preceded implementing client/server technology into
the Morrison & Foerster environment.
This included costs analysis as well as operation, and management evaluations of NetWare, Banyon Vines, Pathworks and Windows NT;
Assisted in the implementation of client/server technology in nationwide offices: System integration and conversion from VAX/VMS,
Decnet, 56KB to Windows NT, TCP/IP, Frame Relay Network.
Education and Training
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Level. January, 2016 UNITEK MCSE BOOTCAMP
 
City
 
, 
State
February 2000
Microsoft Certified Professional, Microsoft Certified System Administrator. November, 2003 Interwoven Technologies, Inc. (formally iManage)
Chicago, Illinois - iManage Certified System Engineer
 
Computer Learning Center
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
StateJanuary 1988
Diploma
 
: 
Computer Operations
 
Computer Operations
Degree
 
Henderson County Junior College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
May 1985
Associates
 
: 
Science, 
Business
 
Science, 
Business
Certifications
AWS Certified Solutions Architect - Associate Level Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Microsoft Certified System Administrator (MCSA)
Citrix Certified Administrator (CCA), Certified iManage System Engineer (ICSE)
Skills
Accounting, Active Directory, Apple, Architect, Backup Exec, Capacity Planning, Citrix, CCA, Citrix Certified Administrator, Citrix Metaframe,
Citrix Metaframe 1.8, client/server, Hardware, conversion, clients, databases, Database Development, Decnet, Disaster Recovery, document
management, electronic mail, Email, Engineer, feasibility study, Firewalls, Frame Relay, Internet services, Internet access, LAN, leadership, law,
Linux, Director, Access, Microsoft Certified Professional, MCP, Microsoft Certified, MCSE, Exchange Server, MS Exchange, Windows
Networking, MS Office, Office, Windows, Windows 2000, 2000, Windows 95, Windows NT, Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0, MySQL, Network
Design and Installation, network support, Network, Networking, networks, Next, NetWare, Operating Systems, Pathworks, PBX, Personnel,
project management, RAID, sales, secretarial, servers, Software Installation, MS SQL, SQL Server, Supervisor, Symantec, System
Administrator, systems integration, System integration, TCP/IP, telecommunications, troubleshoot, troubleshooting, upgrades, VAX/VMS, WAN,
Windows NT 3.51, Windows Server, word processing