DIRECTOR IT CLIENT SERVICES FILMS & OPERATIONS AND TECHNICAL SERVICES WEST COAST
Executive Profile
I have over 20 years of experience in Information Technology spanning from Entertainment, Internet, Healthcare, Automotive, and Banking
Industries. 
I managed staff in each of these industries doing everything from budgeting, staffing, planning, and installations and managing day-to-day
operations. 
I coordinated and setup infrastructure in house and remote events. 
I have done M&A of major companies such as ESPN, ABC
Family, Touchstone Television and most recently DreamWorks Animations. 
Good with analytic and financial skill. 
I have a Master of Science in
Computer Information Systems and I am ITIL certified.
Core Competencies
Highly motivated visionary with excellent organizational
leadership skill.
Highly analytical and detail-oriented.
Team oriented and ability to work well under pressure.
Strong interpersonal and communication (written and
verbal) skill.
Ability to establish priorities, developed timelines, and
determine accountabilities. 
Self-motivated, flexible, hands-on approach and able to work in a fast paced
environment.
Exceptional knowledge of service and application delivery, as well as
successful service level agreements
Able to work independently with little or no supervision.
Demonstrated ability to collaborate and problem solve with executives and
department managers.
Strong presentation and communication skill
Core Accomplishments
Director of IT Services (Operation CIO) and first ever head of NFL Network IT department since its inception and national launch in late
2003.Â  I reported directly President and CEO Steve Bornstein.
Built NFL Network from the ground up which included the creation and execution of: architecture of the data center, Voice over IP (VoIP)
company telephony system, Video Conference systems, key architect of NFL Network IT infrastructure, in charge of vendor contract
negotiation and management, established OEM procurement agreements for hardware and software assets.
I oversaw and managed all aspects of NFL Network's studio and remote shows technical operations, managed IT staff in charge of
production and infrastructure support.Â  This level of 24/7 support was essential for NFL Network's more than 2500 hours of live studio
programming that includes NFL Total Access, NFL GameDay Morning, NFL GameDay Final, Around the League Live and Path to the
Draft.
Of the original 100 million dollars investment by NFL Network, 1 million dollars was used in the creation of the IT infrastructures, asset
procurement, and establishment of a data center.Â  I was a key architect in the creation of the NFL Network, which is now producing over
1 billion dollar in annual subscription revenue.
I created and oversaw deployment of a new company-wide inventory asset tracking system for TV Production.Â  Led to a $2 million cost
avoidance per year.
I initiated and implemented new TV Pilot desktop and laptop deployment process that saved the company $78,000 annually.
Â·Â Â Â Â Â Â  Spearheaded and implemented employee performance metrics system, which were used to create monthly, quarterly and
annual reports for the CIO, CFO and management.
Built out Post Production, Edit bays, media asset management at NFL as well as NBCUniversal.
Implemented video encoding process for on demand delivery 
Â·Â Â Â Â Â Â  Completed RFPs and ERP, Vendor Management.
Coordinated and installed Infrastructure and Operations for 12 consecutive Super Bowls. 
Professional Experience
10/2015
 
to 
11/2016
Director IT Client Services Films & Operations and Technical Services West Coast
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for overseeing the team that provides technical support for West Coast Operations & Technical Services as well as Universal
Pictures clients both domestically and abroad.Â  This included communications and support for end users, their applications, and their
computing devices.Â  As Director of client services I manage and oversee 1 director, 3 team managers, 6 team leads, 4 team coordinators
and 27 technical supports analysts across the country and Canada.Â  Worked to integrate DreamWorks desktop and laptops equipment as
part of a 3.8 billion dollar acquisition.Â  Oversaw Broadcast team as well as postproduction.Â  Worked with digital rights and content
distributions. 
04/2014
 
to 
10/2015
Director IT Client Services NBC Entertainment and TV Production
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for overseeing the team that provides technical support for NBC Entertainments, NBC Distribution, Universal Cable
Productions and Universal TV Productions clients domestically and abroad, as well as communications with, end users for their computing
devices and the applications that run on those devices.
I created an inventory control system to better track our assets as well as global naming convention for company assets.
Manage business-aligned client services team, which included technical lead, team coordinator, and data analysts.
Maintain solid business relationships with vendors, and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), and internal chain of command.
Communicated and provided bi-weekly update and monthly reports regarding overall health of client services support along with status of
planned infrastructure changes, which would affect our end user experience.
Identified, documented, and maintained list of department leaders & key business contacts with the application and infrastructure leaders of
the company.
Maintain solid application, infrastructure, client services, and corporate relationships.
Attended application staff meetings and function as a dotted-line report for all responsibilities.Provided application leader with updates regarding key issues and workplace changes.
Coordinated business communication with application and infrastructure projects and corporate initiatives with leadership and chain of
command.
Coordinated project responsibilities with infrastructure liaison and made decisions of project assignment and of ownership of each project.
Investigated and communicated any adverse impacts to our infrastructure and systems due to upgrades or implementation of system
changes.
Coordinated and managed infrastructure and system-wide changes through workplace technology team (HW/SW upgrades), security team
(PC patches), enterprise services team (email/identity management), and core computer team (mostly network/file related).
Communicated on a frequent basis system health and any system maintenance down time to client services team, business users, application
leader and infrastructures leader.
Managed high priority issues and escalations with multiple user impact until problem ticket were closed and resolution communicated to
stakeholders.
Manage overall health of the queue by re-shuffling resources where/when needed and intervened/reassigned tickets missing SLA's to
technical lead.
Oversaw and initiated workplace related projects with CS team including PC/Mac refreshes, upgrades, and maintenance.
Microsoft office migrations, upgrades to Windows 10, etc.
Provided technical training plan and coordinated on-site courses for all CS Analysts and technical leads.
Monitored metrics including ticket service levels and customer satisfaction surveys.
Created inventory control program for the company assets.
Over saw workplace technology for TV Production Director IT Services
10/2003
 
to 
05/2014
Director IT Services (Operation CIO)
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I was brought in from Disney as the first IT person for NFL Network when we started this company from the ground up.
I reported directly to the CEO.
I built and ran the company as department head for over 10 years.
Built IT infrastructure and continued making improvements and technological advancements to what NFL Network is today.
Built out TV studio, which consisted of multiple control rooms and sound stages.
Setup Post Production facility and workflow.
Managed and operate within departmental Capital (CAPEX) and Operational (OPEX) budget parameters.
Implemented encoding process and infrastructure.
Implemented media management I supported all facets of the 24/7 operations for NFL Network and NFL Digital Media, which included
nfl.com, all 32 team sites, and NFL Fantasy football.
Operations were located in Culver City with multiple remote sites across the country, which included LAN/WAN, computer servers,
telecommunications systems (Cisco VoIP Telephone), desktop computers, laptop computers, disaster recovery systems, productions and
remote operations system and infrastructure.
We were responsible for creating identification (ID) badges for staff and vetted personnel, security access to restricted areas and facilities,
set up digital video recording (DVR) Security Camera systems throughout the facilities.
I worked on IT budget, procurement, and contracts for both production facilities in Culver City and all remote facilities across the country.
We were the first major media production facility to use virtual private network (VPN) Devices and voice over internet protocol (VoIP)
over our various devices.
I was key and integral part of building from the ground up and in charge of the information and data systems infrastructure of the NFL
Network and NFL.com.
We built infrastructure that can support engineering as well as business needs.
I co-chaired Business Continuity and Resilience Services (BCRS) project for NFL as a whole.
03/1997
 
to 
09/2003
Senior Technical Advisor Executive Support System Implementation
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I reported directly to the CIO.
I started out as temporary helpdesk analyst; I was hired on full time and was promoted from Helpdesk Analyst to Analyst to Lead Analyst
to Supervisor to Manager.
When ABC moved from Century City to Burbank, I was promoted to Manager of Executives Support for Disney/ABC and eventually
became Senior Technical Advisor for ABC TV.
As a Manager of Executive Support I oversaw 13 systems support analysts plus independent contractor for both East and West Coast to
support executives of Disney, ABC Television, ESPN and Touchstone as well as productions on a 24x7 schedule.
Coordinate the over all system support process to ensure that all executives and productions computers function properly, and personally
provide services to top key executives of the corporation.
Proactively researched, implemented and supported leading edge solutions to ensure that Disney/ABC executives are on the cutting edge of
technologies.
I was involved in procuring and providing Personal Digital Assistants (PDs) and Blackberries cell phones to Disney executives with login
scripts.
Lead efforts in diagnosing, resolving, and maintaining hardware, software, operating system, network, and backup recovery services for the
enterprise.
I established standard operating procedures (SOP) and corporate policies for use throughout the company.Interacted with clients and provided client surveys to ensure system support team provided quality services.
I had open communication with other departments such as Local Area Networks (LAN) services, telecommunications department, and
emails support group to resolve any system support issues our personnel may be experiencing.
I communicated directly to CIO on all operations and implementation personnel.
I oversaw corporate purchasing and asset management, which included software, hardware and computer equipment rentals.
Prepare monthly system support activity and progress report for both East and West Coast.
Prepare departmental budget as well as long range planning.
When Disney acquired Touchstone, I was there to facilitate the integration between the two companies and transition Touchstone personnel
to Century City facility.
I spearheaded the migration of Touchstone's Macintosh ("Mac") systems with PCs systems for business reasons.
Touchstone had 43 concurrent pilot Mac systems running and 1,000 rental computers being used in studio prior to the migration effort.
We supported all the various Mac systems during migration effort until end user was fully migrated to PC based machines.
I was an integral part in planning, preparing, and designing the information systems infrastructure for the ABC building when Disney
relocated 400 ABC network employees from New York and Century City site to Burbank.
I also was key integrator of ESPN, BVTV, and BVTV International into our corporate network.
The ABC Building housed 1,000 employees.
I was on the committee when Disney Consolidated 160,000 employees and hundreds of domains globally into 7 corporate domains in
Active Directory.
I was also present acquisition of ABC Family by Disney.
I was an active member and technical consultant in the planning, integration, and migration of ABC Family TV from Saban building in
Westwood to the ABC Building in Burbank.
Education
2005
Master of Science
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
University of Phoenix
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Computer Information Systems
1989
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Electrical and Electronics Engineer
 
California State Polytechnic University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Electrical and Electronics
Engineer
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) Foundation Certified Implementing Cisco Unified Communications Manager, Part 1 8.0
Supporting Windows Exchange Server 2000 Enterprise Edition
 
CommVault Backup Corporate Management Training: *Operational Management
*Conflict Management *Preventing Workplace Violence *Diversity and Inclusion *Code of Conduct *Preventing Workplace Harassment
*Protecting Creative Content *Protecting Company Information
Skills
Apple, Dell, IBM, HP, Lenovo, Microsoft, AirWatch Network Management, TCP/IP, LAN/WAN, DNS, DAS, Remote Network, Multi-Site
Infrastructure, Architecture, IPSEC VPN, Site-to-Site, WiFi Network, IPTV Active Directory, Microsoft Exchange, Unified Communications,
Group Policies Disaster Recovery (DR), Business Continuity, Data Centers Built and Operations 24x7 Helpdesk, Desktop Support, Operations,
Telecom Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), MS SQL, My SQL, MS Access, Share Point Internet, Intranet Strong analytical skills, Key
Performance Indicator (KPI), Metrics, SLA Vendor Management, Vendor Contracts negotiations, Procurement, Software licensing Capital and
Operating Budget, ROI, Fiscal, Long Range Planning IT Compliance, IT Security, Cyber Security Recruitment, Retention, People Management,
Leadership, Team development, Training