GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
Multi-talented Graphic Designer consistently motivated for success and goal driven. Skilled in Photoshop, Illustrator, Animate, Indesign, HTML
and CSS. I am adaptable and driven with a strong work ethic and ability to thrive in a team-based environment. I have experience with Adobe
Creative Suite, particularly with Photoshop and Illustrator, and I have a vast knowledge of typography.
Skills
Adobe Photoshop
Adobe Premiere Pro
Adobe Lightroom
Adobe Illustrator
Adobe Indesign
Adobe Animate
HTML/CSS Coding
Written and Social Communication Skills
Microsoft Word/Excel
Adobe Dreamweaver
Visual design
Team building
Decision-making
Calm under pressure
Flexible creative approach
Excellent workflow management
Experience
Graphic Designer
 
| 
02/2021
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Graphic Design Experience:
Worked with customers to present mockups and collect information for adjustments.
Developed engaging marketing and promotional advertisements to generate sales revenue and grow customer base.
Developed, designed, laid out and produced variety of technical illustrations for brochures, banners and signs.
Fostered relationships with retail clients through effective communication, negotiation and collaboration.
Consulted with clients to define design requirements and manage product development projects.
Created corporate brands by designing cohesive looks between logos and letterheads.
Designed new, on-brand visual elements focusing on concept and messaging.
I have of 3 years of Photoshop experience with extensive knowledge of the basics: masking, layers, silos, camera raw adjustments,
shortcuts, and understanding of light, transparencies and color density, shadowing, Resolution and image sizing, strategy for retouching,
Manipulating selections, Selecting with Magnetic Lasso tool, cropping an image, applying a gradient layer, applying a layer style, adding
borders, adding an adjustment layer, creating a panorama, correcting image distortion, extending depth of field, moving objects with content
aware tool, working with masks and channels, manipulating an image with puppet warp, creating type on path, drawing with pen tool,
importing smart objects, using smart filters, upscaling a low-resolution image, creating effects, animating text with frames, rendering videos,
adding transitions, animating text with keyframe, processing files in Camera Raw, preparing files for printing, positioning 3D elements,
designing with artboards.
I have the ability to learn and retain knowledge of a high volume of products and materials
Experience working with Google sheets
I have a an exceptional quality for detail and quality control
I am able to maintain production of a high volume of images under very tight deadlines
I have the ability to work independently and in a collaborative environment
I have knowledge of photo rendering
Submitted design ideas to plan projects with customers and managers.
Stay at Home Parent- 
2019-2021
Balanced school, extracurricular activities and work along with healthy social connections and personal health.
Participated in student clubs, extracurricular activities and sports with teamwork and dedication to sportsmanship and collaboration.
Coordinated various events and activities to support operations of student organizations.
Developed and implemented study protocols to gather required data and support research objectives.
Phoenix Contact Machine Operator- 
2016-2019
Detected work-piece defects and machine malfunctions, maintaining apparatus to prevent future issues.
Read and understood blueprints, product specifications and tooling instructions to plan correct operational sequences and prevent materials
waste.
Selected proper cutting tools, calculating parameters to manufacture components and parts.
Established and adjusted feed rates and cutting parameters to keep operations in line with production demands.
Set up machines for various jobs to maintain compliance with manufacturing thresholds and waste reduction initiatives.
Identified and helped resolve nonconforming product issues to support accurate order fulfillment.
Maintained work environments safe and efficient at all times.
GES Automation Panel Builder- 
2014-2016
Connected and set up control panels and alarm components.Established automatic communication pathways between devices and control panels.
Inserted and positioned materials and clamped, spliced and fitted parts using hand and power tools.
Assessed work for errors or compliance issues and made corrections and modifications.
Assembled machinery from component parts, following prescribed instructions to support correct configurations.
Retrieved correct materials from product inventory to perform various fabrication duties.
Improved operations by working with team members and customers to find workable solutions.
Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
Secco Inc. Electric- 
2009-2014
Identified causes of issues through implementation of troubleshooting techniques.
Inspected existing wiring to identify problems such as short circuits.
Demonstrated strong foundation of safety knowledge and implemented industry best practices.
Completed semi-skilled and skilled work under supervision of fully qualified supervisors.
Verified measurements and made accurate cuts to avoid wasting materials on job sites.
Built controllers and panels to complete system installations.
Followed all relevant electrical and building codes for each job.
Communicated effectively with public utility companies to develop expertise in collaboration, systems cabling, circuitry and projects.
Promoted workplace safety and reported any potential hazards quickly to.
Utilized knowledge and equipment to test wiring and other system parts for electrical flow and function.
Maintained organization, cleanliness and safety in work areas.
Assisted with electrical installation tasks, including new wiring and breaker box installation.
Gathered required tools and equipment for each task to increase efficiency.
Set up equipment and configured settings for optimal performance.
Performed installation, maintenance and tests of electrical energy systems and components by safely using all equipment and tools.
Put in new new electrical components, fixtures and motors.
Utilized measuring and testing instruments such as ammeters, ohmmeters, voltmeters and testing lamps accurately, efficiently and safely to
complete installations and repairs.
Measured and prepared supplies for electrical tasks.
Dug trenches and created holes to pull conduit and install supports.
Transported required supplies and employees from headquarters to job site using company vehicles.
Kept work areas clean, neat and organized for efficient operations.
Repaired and maintained over electrical systems continuously in multiple high-rise commercial and residential properties.
Adhered to company standards and OSHA regulations for work site safety.
Worked in team-based environment to accomplish projects.
Examined and tested electrical systems to locate loose connections or other faults and make proactive repairs.
Resolved issues with existing systems and replaced malfunctioning parts.
Collaborated with more knowledgeable professionals to grow understanding of principles and construction standards.
Managed repairs and maintenance work on client systems and confirmed system adherence to coding requirements.
Reviewed blueprints and electrical schematics to perform tasks to specifications.
Listened to directives of senior electrical professionals to complete efficient tasks.
Kept work areas clean, neat and free of hazards.
Generated digital image files for use in digital and traditional printing.
Selected colors and themes while adding functionality to create new designs.
Produced projects for advertising and informational purposes.
Determined marketing and design vision with clients for all types of graphic design projects.
Veterans Service Representative
 
| 
11/2008
 
to 
05/2009
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted Veterans with educational Benefits Briefed Veterans on options pertaining to the.
Reviewed claim folders for completeness and conformity to guidelines prior to submission.
Interviewed veterans and dependents to determine eligibility for federal and state benefits.
Assisted veterans in preparing forms, documents and applications for benefits.
Military
 
| 
09/2005
 
to 
09/2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Basic training graduate.
Trained in seamanship and fire fighting protection.
I acquired basic maintenance skills using power equipment.
I gained basic electrical and engineering knowledge.
I worked with the logistics in ordering and supplying our crew with equipment and parts.
Provided excellent service and attention to customers when face-to-face or through phone conversations.
Worked closely with team members to deliver project requirements, develop solutions and meet deadlines.
Juggled multiple projects and tasks to ensure high quality and timely delivery.Education and Training
Central Dauphin High School
 
- 
City
H.S. Diploma
2005
I am currently a Graphic Design Student and attend the Penn Foster College Online school. I
Penn Foster College
 
- 
City
Associate of Arts
Graphic Design
 
, 
05/2021
I am a highly motivated Graphic Designer.
Honor Roll (Semester 1 and 2, 2020)
Dean's List Honoree ( Semester 1 and 2 , 2020)
[3.6] GPA
Major in ( Graphic Design)
Completed coursework in Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign, Multimedia, HTML/CSS Coding, Typography, Animate, Dreamweaver,
Camera Raw.
Certifications
Certificate of Achievement, Penn Foster College - 2020
Additional Information
Proficient in 3D printing.
Experience
I have experience in using a 3D printer to print a variety of material. Self taught on how to troubleshoot and recognize issues.