PRESENTATION DESIGNER
Summary
Customer Service and Retail Associate.Specializes in Design and technology, with a particular talent for building a solid customer base.Team-
oriented, working well in a collaborative environment, yet thrives on personal sales achievements
Highlights
InfoGraphics Person of the
Quater (2014)
MTN Yello Star Award
Person of the Quater.
Customer Care
Satisfaction Training
Retail and Sales
Adobe Photoshop (Mock ups and Prototype)
Axure RP (Wireframes and Interactive Prototypes)
Adobe Illustrator (Vector Assets)
Adobe Dreamweaver (Creation of mobile sites and Websites)
HTML and CSS. Adobe Creative Suite CC, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe
Dreamweaver, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Axure RP, Powerpoint and Keynote
Experience
Presentation Designer
 
February 2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Designing Keynote and Powerpoint Slides.
Creation of Graphic Assets for the presentations.
Animating Keynote/Powerpoint slides.
Conceptualize and visualize clients brief/ scripts to storyboards.
Work primarily with producer to deliver on presentations before deadlines.
Multimedia Designer
 
October 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Create marketing or product tutorial videos - create storyboards, record audio, shoot video, and edit final product Other projects may
include catalog/brochure design, marketing collateral, online banners, print advertising.
Collaborate with project teams to plan, analyze, organize, and complete assigned projects.
Design and develop marketing materials for product campaigns, events, presentations, and internal communications using cross-platform and
industry standard design and office software (both proprietary and open source); visually communicate abstract and concrete ideas.
Work primarily with Jesus House Dallas team to resolve a wide range of design related marketing requests and challenges in imaginative and
pragmatic ways.
June 2013
 
to 
July 2015
 
Company Name
User Experience and User Interaction Designer (Team Lead) Working with the whole project team to develop the solution, deliver a
detailed User Experience to support this, and see it through to implementation.
Understanding the business objectives and user requirements of the project, by whatever means required, and translating these into site
blueprints.
Website evaluation and competitive benchmarking.
Gathering information, identifying user types and user needs using questionnaires, workshops and interviews.
Defining user scenarios, goals and tasks, and resulting customer journeys.
Content organization and creation of site maps, navigation systems, wire frames, user journeys/process flows and functional specifications.
Prototyping, customer testing and usability testing.
Developing implementation or style guidelines.
Understanding how site/application blueprints are impacted by, and need to interface with, technical development.
Alongside: Challenging the brief where required and adding depth of thinking to the solution.
Responsibility for project work, in terms of producing and articulating deliverables and self-management.
Relentlessly review the standard of work, ensuring that only work meeting the highest levels of quality are presented to the client.
Assist with development of test plans and scripts for usability testing.
Customer care and Digital media
 
October 2011
 
to 
June 2013
 
Company Name
Worked with the Systems and processes department of MTN Nigeria to ensure that products launched adhere to the defined policies, procedures
and quality standards as agreed within the department
-Perform UATs and FUTs of new products as directed by the Quality assurance Engineers
-Support the development of product and services end to end (Product lifecycle)
-Decompose high level information into details and develop requirements specifications according to standard templates.
-Conduct research and evaluate information on new product and services that can be beneficial to the business e.g the introduction of QR code tobanners which currently is a success.
-Prepare and deploy Customer awareness videos e.g Siebel CRM tips & Tricks, Hyconnect, Hynet, MTN mifi etc across regions via flash
presentations.
-Use organization and time management tools to track cases and meet turn-around-times and other required metrics.
- Gather and share feedback related to customer satisfaction with regards to existing data service, messaging product and services
- Assist in the reviewing and designing of information packs and FAQs to be deployed to online Representatives in all regions.
- Monitor and report performance of existing products in the customer portfolio to the customer relations division.
- 
Develop the MTN HR Career Portal.
- 
Create MTN MNP teaser animation video for South Africa presentation.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computer Science
 
, 
5/2009
 
Covenant University
 
Computer Science
Professional Affiliations
Accomplished Designer with 
5 years in a User Experience and Interface Design, working on platforms like Microsoft Sharepoint and Mobile
Applications, i have a proven ability to develop and implement clean, slick interfaces that support business goals and financial objectives.
Recognized as an expert and good listener with clients, translating their vision to reality.
Skills
Adobe Creative Suite, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, 
Powerpoint, Keypoint, Prototyping, Wireframes and
Illustrations