BUYER
Summary
Over 1 year of end to end experience in worldwide Procurement operations *Over 5 years of end to end experience with Accounts payable and
reconciliation *Great team player with the ability to instill and reinforce confidence, self-esteem and optimistic attitude. *Organized, Analytic and
versatile thinker, effective at developing and implementing creative ideas
Highlights
Proficient in Oracle, SAP ECC 6.0 version, Helios and Sun system version 5, MS-Word, Excel and PowerPoint.
Experience
Buyer
 
January 2014
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Global procurement operations- Taking care of end to end worldwide procurement operations irrespective of categories.
Implementation, execution, tracking and documenting the process to keep up with the changes.
Dedicated resource towards categories, that are- Meetings & events, Facilities (low dollar), office supplies.
Low dollar Catalogue purchasing- I work directly and closely with the end users and supplier for low dollar purchase catalogue as well as
non-catalogue products.
Requisition reviews and approvals- Critically review the purchase requisitions for my categories and eliminate discrepancies.
To follow and adhere to approval procedure and audit requirements.
Requisition to PO- to manage globally req to PO creation activity for assigned categories.
Single handed support to global buyers in req to PO creation process for pre-approved categories.
Supplier Information- to work with suppliers and end users to set up new suppliers in the vendor maintenance system.
To review the set up forms and seek approvals from the global buyers for set up.
P-Card Payment- taking care of the low dollar as well as high dollar payments on procurement card.
To liaise with the end users, global buyers and supplier to facilitate instant payment on PCard.
Being proactive to ensure payments and authorization letters are shared with suppliers.
Reporting- Generating quarterly dashboards and monthly reports for PO spend and expenditure.
To work upon weekly reports for accounts payable and present the same for management review.
Emails and ad-hoc activity requests- I single handedly manage global procurement email-box to resolve and execute internal client request
and queries.
Accounts payable- taking care of EMEA AP P2P activities.
In the role, I have handled invoice and payment queries from end users and suppliers.
Clearing APC Direct Debit and Trial Balance payments.
Senior Executive
 
January 2013
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
Handling and Guiding team of Accounts Payable PO & Non Po Vendors Invoice processing, reconciliation and Payments.
Assign daily activities and task to team members.
Analyse reports including process dashboards & team performance reports Motivating associates through effective management, career
development & implementation of reporting mechanism.
Consolidating the data and have review with team.
Review and Monitor day to day activities of team.
Take monthly one on one discussion with the team members.
Work with the manager to develop/implement action plans to achieve desired performance levels.
Coming up with process improvement plans and implementing the same.
Handling Amex card and vendor payment process.
Senior Executive
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2013
 
Company Name
Handle end to end AP processing activities Accurate reconciliation of Supplier Statements.
Subject matter expert and contact point between manager and team members.
Handle all regions escalation mail boxes.
Attend weekly conference calls with clients to provide update on the Aged invoices.
Handle escalation calls from business units / vendors.
Attend weekly conference calls with business units to resolve their issues and raise AP team concerns if any.
Trained new joiners who are successful achievers in AP processing.
Process multi-currency invoices with the correct Vat Rate for the respective country.
Handle month end reports which include accruals for the open purchase orders and manual accruals for the non PO invoices.
Ensure that all the fixed assets purchased are capitalized to the correct Business Unit with the correct expense codes.
Trained and handled payments and vendor management activities.
Take appropriate action in case of vendor address and bank details updation.
Involved in sending email communications to the Global Procurement teams to educate them about the legal entity name importance to claim
VAT.
Prepare journal entries and book urgent invoices in the systems.
Constantly update the clients with the urgent invoices in order to avoid escalations.PROJECTS CARRIED IN SUNGARD Automation of Reconciliation.
Project on online Reconciliation payment status.
Successfully bringing the accounts of Dell and HP (Critical vendors) up to date by doing reconciliation.
Handled the project of Readdressing of Invoices to correct legal entity.
Offsite Transition to UK for Cross training of Reconciliation Project and Amend of Invoice process to UAT Application.
Transitioned Utopia, Indexing and Triaging process from the London Office.
Prepared process 
documentations for the same and trained the rest of the AP team in India Shared Service Centre.
Successfully handled the Invoice Aging project for UK, South Africa and UAE region.
Prepared Global process documentation for Accruals, end to end activities of AP processing, activities handled by the Problem Solving
Team.
Awards in SunGard Received Consistent Performer for Q3.
Received Kudos for doing Reconciliation of Critical Vendor like Dell and HP and bringing their accounts up to dates Received Kudos for
handling escalation mail boxes under control and replying within the TAT.
Executive
 
January 2008
 
to 
January 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Work with Purchasing, Central Receiving, Vendors and Leads to resolve the invoicing discrepancies.
Communicate with Inventory/ Warehouse Receivers on correcting/reconciling Goods Receipt and Invoice Receipt discrepancies.
Processing of invoices and payment.
Interacting directly with the clients, customers, Ingram warehouse and carriers on regular basis through mail, calls and conference calls.
Coming up with process improvement plans and implementing the same.
Leading role in achieving SLA i.e., Bonus.
Awards in Infosys Sport award for delivering the responsibilities on time.
Client Appreciation letter for been a Team Player.
RAMP Award for exemplary performance for maintaining quality.
Education
Master of Business Administration
 
: 
Finance & Human Resource
 
, 
2008
 
CMR Institute of Management studies, Bangalore University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
,
India
 
Finance & Human Resource
Bachelor of Commerce
 
: 
Marketing
 
, 
2006
 
Narmada college of Science and Commerce, Veer Narmada South Gujarat University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
India
Marketing
Skills
Accounts payable, Accruals, ad, AP, Automation, Trial Balance, book, Client, clients, Debit, Dell, documentation, email, fixed assets, forms, HP,
Indexing, Inventory, Processing of invoices, Invoice processing, invoicing, legal, letters, Meetings, Excel, mail, Office, PowerPoint, MS-Word,
Oracle, Problem Solving, process improvement, Procurement, purchase requisitions, Purchasing, quality, Receiving, reconciling, reporting, SAP,
Shared Service, SLA i, Sun, Team Player, vendor management