CONSULTANT ACCOUNT
Summary
This letter is to express my interest in your 
. I believe that my skills and qualifications make me a viable candidate for this opportunity. Below is a
brief summary of my skill set for your consideration. I am confident that my experience and professional dedication will enable me to provide your
organization with the skills you expect from your staff. I look forward to meeting you. I can be contacted at 404
Skills
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Experienced, results oriented Customer Service Supervisor with a proven record of achieving business goals and objectives. Adept at
communicating with all levels of management, sales, and internal departments to coordinate overall customer experience efforts.
Demonstrate success implementing and executing key projects.
Leadership (14 years)
Process Improvement
Proven Project Management Skills (1 year)
Strategic Account Planning
Manage Cross Functional Teams
Strong Analytical Skills
Customer Experience/Retention
Excellent Negotiation Skills
Experience
Consultant Account
 
12/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Responsible for strategic and tactical execution of project management initiatives that support the account management workgroup.
Define project scope, goals and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with leadership and key stakeholders.
Drive online portal utilization strategies and approaches to increase business automation.
Launched a Core Team to the promote business automation - up 20 points (Q1 44% - Q2 64%) Drive and evaluate best practices and
determine approaches for customer relationships.
Driving record breaking results for Customer Loyalty Index (South #1 at 9.73%) and a record breaking survey score for the South's Net
Promoter Score of 83% Drive and evaluate ways to minimize churn, to protect Verizon's customer base Audit and Certify action plan
initiative that will drive the desired results Collaborate with field partners to drive opportunities and penetration into VES accounts
Proactively conduct analysis to identify root causes and data trends across key account management metrics.
Verizon Business & Government Customer Operations Supervisor Account Management (Global Enterprise Advisors.
09/2013
 
to 
12/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Define, develop and implement strategic account plans encompassing AR reduction, business automation utilization, monthly audits and
proactive servicing.
Led Self-Serve Execution team for the South Area (Initiative) Communicate with customers, management and internal departments to
coordinate account projects as outlined in strategic account plan.
Delivered strong engagement at the account level and was able to overcome substantial opportunities with inherited relationships; 
88%
Customer Relationship Survey 
1H2014 
- Top Supervisor Team Net Promoter Score of 87% 2H2014 Professional experience continued
Novella Walton Phone: 404-556-7261 
Email: Novella.Walton@VerizonWireless.com 
Page 2 of 
2 Lead and direct forward thinking Global
Enterprise Advisor team in servicing fortune 100 customers.
Assisting Sales to renew existing contracts, introducing new services via migrations.
Strong 2Q Leadership Net Promoter Score improvement, from 69% to 100% 
June and July Manage and provide sales and services for 15
key enterprise contracts representing an $8-10 million revenue base.
Supervisor Account
 
05/2011
 
to 
09/2013
 
Company Name
Provide support to internal and external customers through equipment order processing and account maintenance transactions for National,
Major, and SMB Accounts.
Partnering with the Business Sales Channel to service our customers, assist with escalations, and handle large research requests as required.
The focus is to complete all requests sent through Workflow Manager with accuracy and in a timely manner ensuring commitment times to
our customers are maintained.
This role will provide online support as needed and will answer all account, equipment ordering, and My BIZ/VEC related questions.
National Account Business Service Center Supervisor
 
03/2005
 
to 
05/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for working with peers to provide alternative to successfully increase quality and productivity measures.
Implemented strategies to reduce churn to <>
Offer alternatives scripting to increase customer satisfaction and net promoter scores.
Interface with training to identify training needs and assign to SMEs (subject matter experts).
Monitor and track phone team's performance through intraday reporting and systems.
Evaluate individual performance through daily interactions, audits, monitoring and feedback.
Education and TrainingBachelor of Arts
 
: 
Communications
 
1984
 
Mercer University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Communications
Skills
Account Management, Process Improvement, Sales
Additional Information
Awards and Recognitions 2006 Top Team Award (August and October) Ranked 
#1 of 
17 Supervisory Teams 2006 4th Quarter Leader
2009 Winner's Circle Award (Alltel Migration) Projects Strategic Churn Reduction Team Center Champion for the release and
implementation of 
OneSource S.E.L.F (Supervisor Enrichment Leadership Fundamentals) Alltel Migration Project NSA Account Team
Supervisor 
June 2004 - Mar 2005 Consumer Support / CMA Supervisor 
May 2000 - June 2004