SPECIALIST FOR WOMEN'S & CHILDREN'S APPAREL
Summary
Area / Merchandising Manager with 15 year background in management, hiring, developing and merchandising. Highly detail-oriented and
organized. Areas of expertise include conflict management, employee recruitment, staff development & training.
Highlights
Have great leadership skills. Works well with people.
Team player, with excellent leadership skills.
Fast learner & driven.
Experience
Specialist for Women's & Children's apparel
 
July 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provide Customer service thru out the store.
Merchandises and fills in store, according to corporates standards, thru overnights and early shifts.
Promotes promotions and makes sure customers are well aware able to generate sales.Â 
Help Manage store with heavy traffic which volumes of over 45 million a year.
provide LP awareness with a store carrying popular expensive brand name shoes.
Merchandising Executive/ Area Executive
 
November 2005
 
to 
April 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Opened & staffed teams for New stores in New Florida market.
Opened stores from beginning process of nothing being in 
buildings to setting up entire store in less than two weeks time.
Interviewed, hired & trained new employees.
Resolved customer complaints regarding sales and service in stores.
Managed staff, preparing work schedules and assigning specific duties. Trained managers in preparing weekly schedules to cover all aspects
of store.
Visited stores to make sure they Implemented policies, goals, objectives and procedures.
Trained cashiers, authorizers and all managers in cash management duties and running registers.
Cash handling experience from making deposits, making drops daily and counting various amounts of money.
Dealt with Brinks in making sure pick ups where sent in without any Discrepancies. Placed change orders to be able to have change in the
stores.
Maintained database such as balance sheets, and deposit slips on daily basis to accurately have accounted monies for each store.
Over saw opening and closing of each store in Florida area.
Over saw managers where prioritizing and delegating all assigned goals and task on a daily basis successfully.
Dealt with tasks like transfers and markdowns in each individual store as requested per corporate.
Worked with ADP System for scheduling and payroll. Received shipments into computer based system to put into store inventories, and
also had to print and place price tag tickets into each box received.
Trained receivers and managers to receive our merchandise.
Resolved any issues with receiving in stores not to affect 
company's inventory and make necessary adjustments.
Loss prevention:
Identify potential for loss and develop strategies to eliminate it. Perform loss prevention interviews to investigate internal theft in stores.
Perform loss prevention interviews to provide promotions of various needs in stores.
Trained store associates from sales associates to managers in the stores to prevent loss in stores and to be more aware in LP.
Held store meetings to implement any changes or tasks in 
company.
Maintain database such as bag check logs, found censor counts, and censor machine logs to be aware of areas that need to be covered.
Performed cash audits of the store safes and made sure there are no discrepancies. Worked with ADT security alarms when alarms went
off.
Set up alarm codes for all managers with keys.
Trained and worked with store security to help elevate LP in the stores.
Merchandising:Opened and set ups merchandise for each store.
Worked with various fixtures and display set ups to achieve appeal of stores.
Worked on various size wall standards from sizes of four feet walls (2 section walls) to 16 feet walls (8 section walls).
Worked on full body and half body mannequins to display merchandise to create full appeal, using accessories, jewelry, shoes, purses and
whatever created and completed the outfits to make the most impact to sell.
Created lay out of the stores to have a variety of merchandise out and reach different customers.
Sectioned store from walls to floor set ups to go with each theme within the store.
Worked with managers and store level merchandisers to achieve appealing look of store and to be able to have the store stocked and kept
full.
Trained managers and merchandisers in all aspects of merchandising to keep appeal and fullness of the store.
Worked with heavy merchandise amounts ranging from 60 boxes to 130 boxes daily on a Monday thru Friday work week.Worked on different departments in the store to keep all departments stocked.
Worked on departments such as accessories, lingerie, swim wear, casual merchandise, dressy merchandise, active wear and shoes.
Worked in woman's clothing store ranging from casual wear, business wear, dressy wear, active wear, swim wear, and lingerie.
Worked in department breakdowns such as: accessories which consist on jewelry, sunglasses, belts, purses, wallets, make up and various
other items.
Worked in shoe departments where areas ranged from shoe rooms to non boxed shoes that had to be placed thru the store.
Helped buyers pick hot items for accessories, swim wear and shoes, where I was asked to go to the shoe shows in New York to pick out
shoes for the Florida stores.
Display mannequins with the most trendy looks from head to toe & where customers bought the whole package.
Worked in store volumes ranging from 50,000 to 120,000 a week.
Experience in fast turn overs in wall and floor set ups due to items selling very quickly and had to be ready to replace merchandise right
way.
Prepared floor plans weekly for store was always fresh and full.
Took photographs weekly of wall set ups and displays.Instructed stores on themes used for displaying on mannequins and stores windows.
Have experience and a great eye to know what's in fashion and what sells, which is a plus.
General manager
 
September 2001
 
to 
November 2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Oversaw the business which included sales and ordering product.
Placed weekly orders ranging from 60,000 to 259,000 in product.
Oversaw the books and accountspayable.
Met with product executives to make sure product was to quality.
Dealt with customer issues and concerns.
Managed 8 route drivers and made sure they serviced their stores weekly and biweekly as needed.
Over saw that sale drivers where continuously opening new accounts.
Oversaw warehouse was stocked and kept organized and maintained.
Took care that orders where shipped out of our Chicago Warehouse.
Visited plant to make sure product was according to our standards and of great quality.
Oversaw vehicles where up to date with codes and all necessary city requirements.
Dealt with dealerships to renew and buy new vehicles.
Kept database records of sales per week, month and year.
Worked with an accountant to put all monies in place.
Education
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Graphic Arts
 
ROBERT MORRIS COLLEGE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Select 
One
Languages
Fluent in English & Spanish
Personal Information
Always willing to learn more and welcome opportunity to improve myself. Energetic and love to work. Trained in reading behaviors knowing when
people are being honest or dishonest. Fast thinker with great common sense. Fast paced. Has a good sense in people and is really good in hiring
and developing great people.
Skills
Accounts payable, ADP, balance sheets, Cash handling, cash management, closing, Resolve customer complaints, database, direction, drivers,
English, fashion, fast, floor plans, inventory, leadership skills, Loss prevention, loss prevention, meetings, Merchandising, money, windows, Works,
payroll, pick, policies, quality, Fast learner, receiving, retail, selling, sales, scheduling, Spanish, Store manager, Team player.