SENIOR CONSTRUCTION MANAGER
Senior Construction Manager
Summary
Schedule the project in logical steps and budget time required to meet deadlines.
Confer with supervisory personnel, owners, contractors, or design professionals to discuss and resolve matters, such as work procedures,
complaints, or construction problems.
Prepare contracts and negotiate revisions, changes and additions to contractual agreements with architects, consultants, clients, suppliers
and subcontractors.
Prepare and submit budget estimates, progress reports, or cost tracking reports. Interpret and explain plans and contract terms to
administrative staff, workers, and clients, representing the owner or developer. Plan, organize, or direct activities concerned with the
construction or maintenance of structures, facilities, or systems.
Take actions to deal with the results of delays, bad weather, or emergencies at construction site. Inspect or review projects to monitor
compliance with building and safety codes, or other regulations.
Study job specifications to determine appropriate construction methods. Select, contract, and oversee workers who complete specific
pieces of the project, such as painting or plumbing. Obtain all necessary permits and licenses.
Direct and supervise workers. Develop or implement quality control programs. Investigate damage, accidents, or delays at construction
sites, to ensure that proper procedures are being carried out. Determine labor requirements for dispatching workers to construction sites.
Evaluate construction methods and determine cost-effectiveness of plans, using computers. Requisition supplies or materials to complete
construction projects.
Develop construction budgets that compare green and non-green construction alternatives in terms of short-term costs, long-term costs, or
environmental impacts.
Develop or implement environmental protection programs. Implement training programs on environmentally responsible building topics to
update employee skills and knowledge. Inspect or review projects to monitor compliance with environmental regulations.
Perform or contract others to perform prebuilding assessments, such as conceptual cost estimating, rough order of magnitude estimating,
feasibility, or energy efficiency, environmental, and sustainability assessments.
Procure Leadership in Energy Efficient Design (LEED) or other environmentally certified professionals to ensure responsible design and
building activities or to achieve favorable LEED ratings for building projects.
Highlights
Residential construction specialist
OSHA Certified
Forklift and HAZMAT certified
Concrete estimation
Permit processing
Baseline schedules creation
Site safety coordinator
Superb management skills
Security systems knowledge
Safe job site set-up
Building codes and regulations
Blueprint fluency
Power and hand tool operation
MS Office proficient
Organized and detail-oriented
Project budgeting
Cost control
Accomplishments
Held a 96.5% success rate on assigned projects.
Managed a $32 million dollar project, while supervising a team of 57
Was known for expectations of cleanliness and most organized sub-divisions in the company
Trained and mentored over 115 construction workers, general laborers and apprentices. home construction project. workers.
Very thorough with final walk thru with buyers
Experience
Senior Construction Manager
 
Mar 1994
 
to 
Aug 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Qualified competitive subcontractor bids prior to execution of contracts.
Carefully coordinated plans and specs using marketing programming standards.
Managed the rights of way, easement and dedication processes.
Educated general contractor personnel on the quality standards throughout the construction process.
Transported materials, tools and machines to installation sites.
Directed the general contractor on required mock-up preparation.
Obtained notices of completion and compliance certifications from all of the construction administration consultants.Reviewed and investigated
Proposed Change Order Requests (PCOR).Acted as the liaison between landscape architects and the general contractors.
Submitted all project closeout documents in accordance with the contract.
Assigned projects and tasks to employees based on their competencies and specialties.
Performed construction site pre-inspections and coordinated post-construction audits.
Accurately provided status information on project progress to the project management.
Efficiently recorded and rejected incorrect deliveries of material to site.
Monitored the safety of all construction activities, making on-site personnel safety the top priority.
Proficiently used the Incident and Issues Tracking (IIT) system to document all on-site issues.
Acted as the liaison with company safety representatives to promote awareness and understanding of safety protocols.
Coordinated training for the construction teams on site-specific requirements, techniques and procedures.
Properly maintained all on-site equipment and vehicles.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Construction Management Technology
 
1993
 
Ohio State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United Staes
Coursework in Residential Carpentry, Blueprint Reading and Construction Safety
Building Construction Trades Technology Certificate
Coursework in Exterior Finish and Moisture Protection
Coursework in Floor Systems, Wall and Ceiling Framing
Skills
Customer Service Satisfaction
Project Management
Multi Task Management
Expense Control
Soft Account budgeting