VP OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Professional Overview
Accomplished Business Development executive with 7 years of experienceÂ in life science startups and clinical research organizations. I also have
an entrepreneurial spirit as the co-founder of data analyticsÂ company, and a financial background through my Master's at Bentley University.Â 
Education
December 2012
Finance
 
McCallum Graduate School at Bentley University
 
Finance Extensive case-based exercises in capital budgeting, corporate finance,
marketing sizing, equities, bonds, common financial covenants, and options. Experience in valuations including risk-adjusted net present value using
WACC and CAPM and comparables
May 2011
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Economics & Finance
 
Bentley University
 
Cum Laude Economics & Finance
Experience
01/2016
 
to 
Current
VP of Business Development
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
PainQx (PQX) is a diagnostic/software company that developed a next generation approach to objectively measure pain in humans by
decoding neural activity.
Incorporated the PQX platform in six clinical trials to be used as a pain biomarker to gauge the efficacy of experimental therapeutics.
Raised $500k from angel groups and venture funds.
Identified a joint venture partner in China leading to a $1M investment.
Developed an economic model demonstrating that the PQX technology reduces costs to health care providers by converting poorly
managed pain patients to well-managed pain patients, saving up to $8,500 per patient.
Created financials statements including an income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow to justify capital raise and share with investors.
Centralized contacts, alliances, and investors into a CRM system streamlining the business development.
Developed all investor facing and business development presentations.
Formed a strategic alliance with Evoke Neurosciences to incorporate their EEG headset into the PainQx platform providing a turnkey
solution to clinical research sponsors.
Coordinated bottoms upmarket survey that interviewed 100 physicians to validate the PainQx value proposition and identify new markets
for the platform.
Sourced, pitched and won a grant by the National Institue on Drug Abuse (NIDA) recognizing PainQx as one of 10 companies national that
could address the opioid epidemic.
Put together a SBIR Fast Track Application to be reviewed by NIDA.
06/2012
 
to 
01/2016
Co-Founder VP of Business Development
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
LSN tracks the funding and partnering preferences of 5,000 investors and strategic partners by actively interviewing them on a 90-day
rolling cycle.
This information allows entrepreneurs to identify investors and strategic that meet their fundraising and partnering needs.
Since inception LSN has generated $4M in revenue, with 2016 revenue of $3M.
In 2015, LSN launched a broker-dealer, Boston Innovation Capital, to execute fundraising campaigns between $5M - $20M.
Oversee all aspects of operation such as sales, financial projections, IT, management, and marketing.
Grew the LSN team to 22 employees: 7 business development representatives, 6 researchers, 4 conference representatives, and 2
marketers.
Created pitch decks, executive summaries, and websites for twelve biotech/medtech companies, resulting in increased investor
responsiveness.
Utilize SalesForce.com to host LSN's back end data and linked it with an established graphical user interface, saving over $1M in R&D
costs.
Deep knowledge of database and information systems including profile structuring, data segmentation and aggregation, and filtering.
Personally sourced, pitched, and closed over $1M in consulting and data services from Big Pharma, CROs, and emerging biotech/medtech
companies.
Helped create fundraising strategy for thirty-four biotech/medtech companies including EIP Pharma, Hsiri Therapeutics and JB Therapeutics
(Corbus Pharma).
Built personal network of over 1,000 life science investors, life science entrepreneurs, investment banks, family offices, and big
pharma/med-tech executives.
02/2011
 
to 
07/2012
Abpro specializes in the generation of custom monoclonal antibodies. The foundation of Abpro's techn
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Abpro specializes in the generation of custom monoclonal antibodies. The foundation of Abpro's technology is the HTP platform, a
genetically engineered mouse with a boosted immune system, enabling the mouse to have a broader epitope spread facilitating the generation
of antibodies to traditionally difficult targets such as GPCR's, and 100% homologous target.
Personally closed $1.6M in new business revenue.
Part of a business development team that grew sales from $700,000 in 2010, to $2.2M in 2011, and $4.0M in 2012.
Participated in a financing campaign that aimed to raise $3.4M in debt from various banks and mezzanine debt funds.
Modeled the present value of debt based offerings to provide investment decisions to upper management.Developed the company's first financial model that tied together income, balance sheet and cash flow statements.
This model was used to plan the future financing needs as well as develop the company's long-term budgetary constraints.
Built and implemented an inventory tracking system to streamline operations leading to a 30% reduction in production delays.
Created an automated system that crawled three-hundred scientific journals gathering contact information of authors.
This information led to the creation of database of 100,000 contacts for use as a targeted email campaign.
Interests
USA (14 years), London (6 years), Colombia (5 years), China (2 years).
Languages
Native Speaker in English and Spanish
Skills
streamline, approach, balance sheet, bonds, budgeting, business development, cash flow, clinical research, clinical trials, com, consulting, corporate
finance, CRM, database, email, English, equities, Fast, financials, financing, financial, fundraising, funds, graphical user interface, information
systems, Innovation, inventory, marketing, network, neural, next, presentations, Speaker, sales, scientific, Spanish, strategy, strategic, websites
Additional Information
International Experience: 
USA (14 years), London (6 years), Colombia (5 years), China (2 years).