DETECTIVE
Summary
Law Enforcement professional with 24 years experience investigating 
insurance fraud, to include, health care provider/billing fraud, disability,
workers' compensation and premium fraud, property & casualty fraud and 
staged automobile collisions. Knowledgeable in related crimes such as
tax evasion, grand theft, identity theft, mail fraud, arson, and Medi-Cal/Medicare fraud. Intricately connected to the insurance industry and allied
law enforcement agencies in the pursuit to combat fraud.
Highlights
Detective assigned to Health
care/disability Fraud Program
Member of the San Diego Medical
Fraud Task Force
Public speaking/outreach to
insurance industry and law
enforcement
Awarded officer of the year 2011
by my peers
100% conviction rate
Presenter for the CA District Attorney's Association, the Northern California Fraud
Investigators Association and the Southern California Fraud Investigators Association
Detailed report writing
Team Leader/On-Site Supervisor when executing Search and Arrest warrants
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Detective
 
06/1995
 
to 
Current
Assigned to CDI's health care and disability fraud program since October 2010. Obtained a conviction in the largest disability and long term care
fraud case in the history of San Diego County. Investigate diverse and complex cases involving both single and multiple suspects. Work cases
independently with little to no supervision. Extensive networking with allied law enforcement agencies, NICB, as well as, with special investigative
units and claims managers of several insurance companies. Generate FD-1's from consumer complaints and competently evaluate the evidentiary
merit and strength of each referral. Able to identify "red flags" and create appropriate case investigative plans. Write, obtain judicial approval for,
and execute search and arrest warrants. Serve as both team leader and on-site supervisor when executing same. Gather and analyze evidence such
as billing and medical records, claims records, payroll and personnel records, insurance policies, police reports and photographs, and consider
appropriate criminal statutes for the case. Conduct interviews, interrogations and obtain confessions. Conduct skip tracing and locate witnesses
using databases and field work. Maintain an excellent working relationship with the San Diego District Attorney's Office. Served as the first CDI
detective assigned to the DA Premium Fraud task force and later assigned to the new Urban Grant task force. Testify in court, including grand jury
cases and have testified as an expert witness on premium fraud. Conduct surveillance; both stationary and mobile. Firearms instructor for six years.
Serve as field training officer and mentor to peers.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Special Investigator
 
09/1990
 
to 
06/1995
Investigated complex cases involving crimes of employer tax evasion, disability fraud, unemployment fraud, check forgery and related crimes.
Wrote and served search warrants, conducted interviews/interrogations, submitted cases for successful criminal prosecution, testified in court,
made arrests, was a defensive tactics instructor. 
Later assigned to the Professional Standards Unit and conducted background investigations on
peace officer candidates, investigated crimes of embezzlement, forgery, sexual harassment, employee misconduct and threats to department
employees.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Special Investigator
 
08/1989
 
to 
09/1990
Investigated violations of the Penal Code and Business and Professions Code, issued citations, conducted undercover operations, gathered
evidence, submitted cases for successful criminal complaints, testified in court.
Proficiencies
Writing FD-1's from consumer complaints
Identifying "red flags" and evaluating fraud referrals
Outreach, consumer and industry training
Conduct interviews and interrogations
Microsoft Office suite
Use of database searches/methodologies
Skip tracing and witness locating
Obtaining judicial approval for Search and Arrest warrants
Execute Search and Arrest Warrants
Testify in court, to include, grand jury. Testified as expert witness
Surveillance (stationary and mobile)
Use of firearms
Emergency Vehicle OperationsEducation
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
Criminal Justice
 
California State University, Fullerton
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Law Enforcement courses
 
CA Peace Officer Standards and Training (P.O.S.T.)
Specialized Law Enforcement Advanced P.O.S.T. certificate. Courses include, but are not limited to, health care fraud, staged auto collisions,
workers' compensation fraud, identity theft, interview and interrogation, arrest and control/defensive tactics, sexual harassment, cultural diversity
and racial profiling, internal affairs investigations, advanced firearms, chain of custody evidence handling, search warrant procedures,
communication and fire investigation, organized crime, emergency vehicle operation, first aid/CPR, building entry/mechanical breaching and more.