MAINTENANCE, HOMECONSTRUCTION
Summary
Hardworking Maintenance/Handy Man brings over 
5+
 
years of experience in 
Maintenance
 
industry to worksite. Resourceful experience handling
materials, operating machinery and supporting overall team and project needs. In-depth knowledge of compliance mandates governing site and
worker safety. Singularly focused on helping crews complete skilled work under deadlines.
Skills
Forklift driving
Codes compliance
Standard operating procedures understanding
Basic welding skills
Power and hand tool use
Understanding schematics
Mechanical Repair
Troubleshooting strength
Hand tool operations
Organizational ability
Maintenance scheduling
Mechanical aptitude
System installations
Equipment maintenance
Safety-oriented mindset
Materials handling
Equipment repair
Construction trade expertise
Flooring Installation
Framing
Construction
Carpentry
Coordination
Multitasking
Maintenance & Repair
Training & Development
Friendly, positive attitude
People skills
Flexible
Basic math
Conflict resolution
Experience
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Maintenance, Home Construction
 
08/2020
 
- 
Current
Diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities.
Performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.
Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systems.
Maintained facility interior, including shampooing carpets, washing walls, waxing and stripping floors and dusting furniture and fixtures.
Used electrical drawings to troubleshoot and repair electro-mechanical and other systems.
Framed new construction of single-family homes and townhomes.
Completed indoor and outdoor residential and commercial construction projects.
Cut roofing paper to size and nailed and stapled paper to roof in overlapping strips to form base for roofing materials.
Mopped and poured hot asphalt and tar onto roof base while applying asphalt and tar and gravel to roof.
Resolved both technical and contractual issues in constructive, positive manner.
Shaped materials to exact measurements for job requirements using hand tools and power equipment.
Examined buildings and project specifications to determine measurements and dimensions.
Installed building structures such as windows, trim and cabinetry alone or with assistants to meet job deadlines.
Operated terrain telescoping forklift, backhoe, skid steer and tractor.
Prepared, cut and installed custom cabinetry, built-in bookcases and staircases.
Selected lumber based on particular species, characteristics, size, applications and applicable adhesives.
Set windows and layouts for stairs and common rafters.
Cut and installed tile and hardwood flooring for over 
6
 
residential and commercial buildings.
Installed cabinets, base cabinets and crown molding.
Worked independently on projects and tasks within 1-person carpentry team.
Safely operated power saws, planers, jointers, routers and pneumatic equipment for 
365+
 
days without accident.
Cut timber, panels and other wooden materials according to measured dimensions.
Installed floor joists, trusses and rafters.
Consistently constructed square and level projects.
Safely used band, circular, jig, reciprocating, chop and compound miter saws.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Maintenance Technician
 
01/2018
 
- 
08/2020
Collaborated with building managers to assess ongoing needs and plan preventive maintenance schedules.
Diagnosed problems with mechanical and electrical systems and equipment using advanced troubleshooting abilities.
Executed daily operations of preventive maintenance on electrical panels, motor controls and switch gears.
Performed performance and safety inspections on equipment and machinery to maintain operational baseline.
Replaced wall sockets, ran lines and completed basic carpentry to finish installations.
Installed new systems, replacement parts and components to maintain proper operation.
Maintained compliance with internal and regulatory safety standards, including OSHA.
Routinely inspected equipment for preventive and emergency maintenance needs.
Changed HVAC filters and cleaned condensation drains to perform preventative maintenance on HVAC systems.
Assessed system operations to identify potential areas requiring maintenance services.Carried out repair work on food grade equipment, typically returning machines and tools to service within 1-2 hours.
Inspected electrical components to identify defects and hazards and make necessary adjustments.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
RV Technician
 
01/2017
 
- 
01/2018
Managed shop jobs to complete work orders on time and keep tasks prioritized.
Documented diagnostic testing and repair work to maintain accurate records on all vehicles.
Performed electrical, plumbing, carpentry and appliance maintenance.
Conducted troubleshooting tasks to diagnose issues and determine appropriate fixes.
Reconstructed floors, walls and roofs to repair damage such as flooding.
Installed and repaired plumbing, including water lines, drains and fixtures.
Tested and troubleshot equipment to locate source of problems and develop correction plans.
Used caulking compounds and piping to repair gas lines for safe RV operation.
Read work orders to understand and plan for specific service needs of different customers and RVs.
Installed water heaters, furnaces and other equipment in RVs.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Roofer, Plywood, Door Hanger
 
02/2015
 
- 
01/2017
Performed quality work in alignment with company procedures and values.
Read and interpreted blueprints to effectively plan and execute projects.
Improved knowledge and productivity through continuous education and learning from foreman and senior assemblers.
Assembled building material components, including wall panels and roof and floor trusses.
Installed heat trace tape to tubing and controls and bent large tubing with power bender.
Inserted and positioned materials and clamped, spliced and fitted parts using hand and power tools.
Education and Training
Northridge High School
 
| 
City
 
High School Diploma
 
06/2009