BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Summary
Business Development Manager & Talent Acquisition Specialist equipped with the excellent negotiation skills, market insight and business
acumen necessary to guide struggling and newly-formed companies to financial success.
Motivated BDM & Recruiter adept at business prospect research, product promotion and account expansion in the Information Technology
(IT) market.
Business Development Analyst skilled at advising large corporations on business logistics, including talent acquisition retention and
operational efficiency with major projects meeting deadlines.
Business development expert with 5+ years as a top sales performer in in the Staffing/Recruiting Services market. Comfortable with new
ideas, innovative products and start-up environments.
Skilled at establishing and maintaining strategic partnerships to generate essential business opportunities.
Business development professional experienced in sales management, marketing, technical presentation creation and service training.
Business Development Manager versed in building strategic partnerships through persuasion, negotiation and personal presence.Business
development professional successful at acquiring, expanding and managing key corporate accounts.
Highlights
Fortune 500 partner experience
Excellent sales techniques
National account management
Top-ranked sales executive
Fluent in Spanish
Excellent communicator
Contract review
Cold calling
Adept multi-tasker
Work force management
Analytical problem solver
S
 martSearch, JobDiva, MaxHire & Sugar CRM systems expert
Experience
09/2015
 
to 
Current
Business Development Manager
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Increased monthly sales by 50% by implementing strategies to develop and expand existing customer base.
Cold and warm called 80+ new and existing accounts per day.
Developed a new customer base consisting of 3 accounts.
Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.
Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.
Targeted new long-term business partner prospects and closed 2 deals in 2 months in the IT Recruiting/Staffing industry.
Tracked RFPs and bids to develop new business opportunities.
Optimized current revenue streams by networking for additional business prospects with established clients.
Identified, coordinated and participated in client relationship-building activities and meetings.
Added value to marketing material by introducing creative advertising concepts.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.
03/2013
 
to 
09/2015
Business Development Manager
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Developed and integrated market plans to efficiently position the company brand within targeted markets.
Coordinated and managed major proposal processes from initiation to implementation.
Marketed and developed key accounts by favorably representing the company at membership and community functions.
Researched economic processing factors to determine the best process and sales strategies.
Leveraged existing network of contacts with new commercial prospects.
Created and conducted unique marketing proposal presentations and RFP responses.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of industry, target accounts and competitive landscape.
Collaborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts, identify potential customers and coordinate service demonstrations.
Generated new sales opportunities through direct and telephone selling and emails.
Leveraged lead generation tools to increase profitability and product presence in the marketplace.
Developed growth plans by identifying key clients, key targets and priority service lines.
Answered candidates' and clients' questions regarding recruiting services, salary/pay rate negotiations and the job descriptions presented.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.
Added value to marketing material by introducing creative advertising concepts.
Cold and warm called 80+ new and existing accounts per day.
Develope
 
d a new customer base consisting of 5 accounts in addition to supporting 10 additional existing clients Nationwide.
Exceeded targeted sales goals by 30%.
07/2010
 
to 
12/2012
Talent Acquisition Consultant / Account Executive
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Recruited and interviewed 48 applicants per year.Increased the employee base by 40% to meet changing staffing needs.
Advised managers on the market regarding prospect candidates and recommend needed changes.
Identified staff vacancies and recruited, interviewed and selected applicants.
Directed personnel, training and labor relations activities.
Served as a link between management and employees by handling questions, interpreting and administering contracts and helping resolve
work-related problems.
Conducted new employee orientation to foster positive attitude toward organizational objectives.
Acted as a liaison between outside sales representatives and 4 accounts.
Generated 15 leads weekly.
Conducted business to business telephone sales.
Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how their needs could be met with specific services.
Negotiated prices, terms of sales and service agreements.
Completed 100 outbound calls daily, with average conversion rate of 10%.
Responded to all client inquiries in a timely manner.
Achieved a 100% customer renewal rate.
Advanced user of SugarCRM & Smart Search sales management software, generating pipeline and account reports weekly.
Maintained detailed account records and contact logs using SugarCRM.
Generated new business through keeping in touch with my network and following them to every new company they join.
Accountable for full life cycle recruiting including overall client satisfaction.
Clients
Clients include: DirecTV, Cisco Systems, Aha Mobile, Harman Kardon, eBay, PayPal, Ross Stores, Move (realtor.com), Apigee & Sephora
USA.
Accomplishments
Generated a pipeline of more than $500K in net new opportunities in 1 month.
Spearheaded all company-wide prospecting, marketing and closing endeavors.
Closed 5 new corporate accounts averaging $2 Million in annual revenue per year.
Achieved 100% over KPI (key performance indicator) goal.
Handled the highest volume account in assigned territory.
Grew new services sales 100% in 60 days.
Education
2010
Bachelors of Arts
 
: 
Sociology
 
University of California, Santa Cruz
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Core classes included Environment & Society studies through College 8
Member of EOP Club
Coursework in Communications and Psychology
Coursework in Marketing and Advertising
Minor in Education (one course missing)
Skills
Careful and active listener
Self - Starter & self-motivated
Hungry for growth and continuous learning
Proactive and energetic