CHEF ASSISTANT
Core Qualifications
MS Word (advance), MS Excel (intermediate), PowerPoint (intermediate), Mac OS
Education and Training
May 2017
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Hospitality and Tourism Management
 
Uni versity of Massachusetts
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Hospitality and Tourism Management
3.99 4.0 Dean's List: All Semesters
Work Experience
09/2016
 
to 
Current
Chef Assistant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Ensure cleanliness of kitchen work stations and operate dish washing machinery.
Assist chef in preparation and plating of meals for lunch and dinner services of up to 75 guests.
Arrange the banquet area according to expected guest flow and type of event.
Welcome customers and monitor flow between 
front and back-of-the-house operations.
Manage team of 10-15 students and delegate preparation tasks to ensure a smooth lunch/dinner service Cape Cod B aseball League
Bourne, MA.
Public Relations Intern: Bourne Braves 
May- September (14' and 15').
Managed social media presence on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook for the Bourne Braves - Created "Player Spotlights".
Administered primary source of team funding- overseeing donation collections and raffle programs.
Coordinated volunteers for CCBL All-Star Game to maximize merchandise sales and food and beverage output for 
approximately 10,000
attendees.
05/2016
 
to 
01/2017
Property Operations Intern
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Inspect apartment homes on the market to assess whether company standards are being met, and communicate issues to the 
maintenance
team, including follow up.
Conduct weekly audits of parking, storage, and guest logs for a community with 407 apartments.
Display an extremely high level of customer service handling daily resident concerns, service requests, questions etc.
Independently organized resident events and maintained their budgets and marketing.
Created the first ever "Puppy Pow 
Wow" for 52 resident dogs we had on property, which included contacting community businesses and
securing sponsorships.
Also worked extensively with Roche Brothers for the catering of a 600 person end-of-summer cook out.
05/2012
 
to 
01/2016
Sales Associate
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Contributed to Wrentham's store being placed first in the district for sales associate credit card enrollments.
Certifications
CVENT Certified, TIPS Certified.
Interests
Delta Sigma Pi (Professional B usiness Fraternity) 
March 2015-Present 
Â· Participate in recruiting, fundraising, community service and
professional events (March of Dimes "March for Babies", 
"Zumbathon" for Wounded Warrior Project, PopTab Fundraising for Ronald McDonald
House) 
Â· Reinforce my professional skills through training and development opportunities, grow through various leadership platforms, 
and
contribute to the community through service work HTM Career Day Board 
October 2015-Present 
Â· Served on the HTM Career Day planning
board as the Facilities Director- monitoring the flow of the event floor and 
company satisfaction. Handled all company requests on the day of the
event 
Â· Collaborated with the Career Day committee to fundraise and market Career Day. This included weekly organizational 
meetings Eta
Sigma Delta Honor Society 
Fall 2015-Present 
Â· Selected to the only premier International Hospitality Management Honor Society (Chapter of
Distinction 2015) 
Â· Serves as a means of uniting outstanding students for campus activities, fundraisers, and volunt eer programs ("Not Bread
Alone" Soup kitchen)
Skills
budgets, credit, customer service, Inspect, MA, machinery, Mac OS, marketing, market, MS Excel, PowerPoint, MS Word, Public Relations,
sales, type
Additional Information
HONORS AND ACTIVITIES Delta Sigma Pi (Professional B usiness Fraternity) 
March 2015-Present 
Â· Participate in recruiting,
fundraising, community service and professional events (March of Dimes "March for Babies", 
"Zumbathon" for Wounded Warrior Project,
PopTab Fundraising for Ronald McDonald House)Â· Reinforce my professional skills through training and development opportunities, grow
through various leadership platforms, 
and contribute to the community through service work HTM Career Day Board 
October 2015-
Present 
Â· Served on the HTM Career Day planning board as the Facilities Director- monitoring the flow of the event floor and 
company
satisfaction. Handled all company requests on the day of the event 
Â· Collaborated with the Career Day committee to fundraise and market
Career Day. This included weekly organizational 
meetings Eta Sigma Delta Honor Society 
Fall 2015-Present 
Â· Selected to the only
premier International Hospitality Management Honor Society (Chapter of Distinction 2015) 
Â· Serves as a means of uniting outstanding
students for campus activities, fundraisers, and volunt eer programs ("Not Bread 
Alone" Soup kitchen)