DIGITAL PREMEDIA SPECIALIST
Summary
Highly creative and multi-talented Graphic Designer with more than 
ten
 
years in print packaging design, advertising, marketing and brand
development.
Highlights
Adobe Creative Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, Dreamweaver, Fireworks & Flash, Acrobat & Distiller)
Esko Automation Engine Print Workflow Management System
Word processing, presentation tools within the Microsoft Office Suite of applications (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint)
Familiar with commercial printing for four color and spot printing processes and pre-press file preparation fundamentals such as design,
preflight, proofing, typesetting, ink densities, color separation, color calibration, trapping, screen angle application, cutbacks etc.
Digital photography , image manipulation and color correction for different formats (tiff, jpeg, eps, png etc) for screen or print output.
Project tracking, collaboration and document control and management software such as SAP, Lotus Notes and SharePoint.
Ability to troubleshoot hardware/software problems in a Mac/Windows environment.
Network management: Setting up, creating and assigning user accounts. Maintaining file hierarchy and updating digital asset database on
server.
Experience
05/2015
 
to 
Current
DIGITAL PREMEDIA SPECIALIST
 
Company Name
Utilizing Graphics production software to develop press ready files in a commercial printing environment for a company that specializes in
digital, lithographic (offset) and flexographic printing, with a daily output of over 30 million label impressions on different substrates for the
nation's foremost consumer packaged goods brands including private labels, manufacturer and store branded packaging.
Conducting preflight checks on inbound customer files to establish if they meet Gamse's minimum standards for reproduction, government
regulations and brand and manufacturer guidelines.
Planning and guiding customer press check tours within the plant to insure that all project components are in place and that all issues that
may arise on press are taken care of in a timely manner.
Working in collaboration with business leadership to facilitate the needs of our customers and vendors by educating them on Gamse's
capabilities, while helping to identify the most suitable printing methods for their projects.
Collaborating with press room staff 
to improve on customer deliverables and finding ways to reduce wastage of materials during production,
researching and testing alternative substrates and overall process improvement by better documenting key issues and lessons learned on
individual projects while maintaining superior product quality at reduced cost to the company.
Maintaining digital asset and mechanical artwork database and working to harmonize the numerous print workflows by reducing and/or
eliminating redundancies within the system.
03/2014
 
to 
03/2015
TRANSLATION & LOCALIZATION SPECIALIST
 
Company Name
Products, Equipment & Services Working with a team of Graphics and Labeling Specialists, Technical Writers and Software Developers,
to facilitate the translation of training publications, including user's manuals, medical reagents package inserts and medical instrumentation
software localization for BD's Label Design and Development department for the European, Middle Eastern, Asian and African markets
which comprise of a total of over 30 different languages.
Managing a $2 million plus translation and software localization budget for BD's Label Design and Development department and insuring
projects are delivered on time and within estimated cost.
Working with outside translation and print vendors to find more lean and cost effective ways of submitting projects, translation resource
management and submission of deliverables at project closeout.
Training new hires and contractors on best practices for creating multilingual documents.
Leading a team effort geared towards modernizing and improving departmental workflow, project management and electronic asset
management systems at Becton Dickinson.
10/2006
 
to 
03/2014
Company Name
Preparing customer art files for consumer food packaging and disposable foodservice products to Solo Cup's commercial print
specifications for paper, plastic and foam substrates using in a high volume graphics department with an annual output of 15,000 - 20,000
projects.
Developing simplified template die lines using information derived from complex package engineering drawings.
Providing creative expertise to Solo Cup's Marketing department on point of sale retail advertising and packaging projects for national
brands like Wal-Mart, Target, Wendy's, Starbucks and Pepsi Co.
among others.
Performing preflight check on inbound customer art files and proofreading outbound artwork.
Lead Graphics liaison and technical lead 
in charge of implementing the Pepsi Co.
disposable cup global technical standards for Solo Cup Company print production plants.
Heading the team charged with process improvement through training, developing and growing a comprehensive digital and online Standard
Operating Procedures resource database.11/2003
 
to 
10/2006
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Helped establish Antwerpen's in-house advertising and marketing department that was responsible for conceptualizing print and electronic
ad campaigns for Antwerpen Automotive Group's eleven brands, as part of a multi-million dollar, local and regional advertising initiative.
Helped formulate marketing strategies for targeted advertising by monitoring weekly retail sales.
Assisted in creating print proposals and electronic presentations targeted towards major automakers for new business initiatives.
Oversaw web team tasked with updating franchise websites and adding modern features such as an online shopping assistant and improving
visibility through Search Engine Optimization.
Pioneered team responsible for design, development and integration of all corporate and brand identity projects for Antwerpen Automotive
Group and popularizing the hugely successful 'Jack Says Yes' campaign and the annual Antwerpen Hyundai 1000 Challenge, geared
towards selling 1,000 Hyundai vehicles in 30 days.
Coordinated advertising projects with freelance designers, commercial printers, media houses and vendors.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Graphic Design/Advertising
 
Mimar Sinan University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Turkey
 
Graphic Design/Advertising
Accomplishments
Project Management Professional Training: Traditional and AGILE.
A DAY IN THE LIFE" Baltimore Design Conference - Founder/Committee Member.
Certified Internet Webmaster HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, FTP, web server administration and networking fundamentals.
Languages
Fluent written & verbal Turkish and Swahili.
Skills
Adobe Creative Suite, Acrobat, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, ad, advertising, art, asset management, Automation, Automotive, brand identity,
budget, calibration, color, hardware, database, Digital photography, features, Fireworks, Flash, freelance, government regulations, Graphics,
Illustrator, image, InDesign, ink, Lotus Notes, Mac, Managing, marketing strategies, marketing, materials, mechanical, Access, Excel, Microsoft
Office Suite, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Windows, Word, Network management, packaging, pre-press, presentations, press, print production,
printers, processes, process improvement, Project Management, proofing, proofreading, proposals, publications, quality, researching, retail, retail
sales, selling 1, Sales, SAP, Search Engine Optimization, Software Developers, translation, troubleshoot, Turkish, typesetting, websites, Word
processing, Workflow, written