TEACHER
Willing to relocate: Anywhere
Professional Summary
To maintain a long term position in a cohesive, diverse environment, that promotes a professional environment and values employees and families.
To obtain a teaching opportunity in grade levels EC - 4th grade.
Core Qualifications
Skills Used
Speaking,math,planning,leading, computer skills,communication with staff,parents and students.
Accounts Receivable Clerk
The SALT Group - Kerrville, TX - August 2012 to August 2014
Responsibilities
Accounts Receivable collection calls, answering questions for new customers, maintain a good relationship with clients,
problem solving for clients in difficult situations.
obtain a weekly goal for set amount of monies
coming in to company each week.
Microsoft word, Microsoft Works, Excel, Internet Research, Powerpoint.
Experience
Teacher
 
08/2015
 
- 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Teaching all subjects to High School and Junior High,Coach for PE.
Lesson planning, grades, reports.
Kindergarten Teacher
 
01/2014
 
- 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Math 3 Hrs.
day Reading, Social Studies, Science Writing Accomplishments I have had several students that have had many challenges to overcome
before moving on to 1st grade, I have assisted in making the obstacles become less and prepare them to be great next year.
Daycare, Lead Teacher
 
06/2010
 
- 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Teaching 2,3,4 year old age group.
Math, writing, letter and number recognition, listening skills, color recognition.
Preparing the 4 year old age group for kinder, and the 2 and 3 year old age group was early scaffolding techniques to build knowledge and
ability to grow the whole child through play, classroom activities and center activities as well as one on one time and whole group learning.
Accomplishments The level of preparedness in my classroom would allow for the children in the school years to be very successful.
I built up their strengths and used activities to help them with their weaknesses.
I used a positive reinforcement and the words I can't were not allowed in the classroom.
I taught by example, using modeling skills and allowed the children to express their ideas and thought process in the classroom by
discussions.
Which also let the children accomplish the self respect and self accomplishment they needed in life.
Accounts Recievable
 
06/2012
 
- 
06/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Customer Service, computer Data entry, making and receiving collection calls from clients. 
Completing reports daily. Completing set goal of
monies brought in to company on a daily,weekly, and monthly basis.
Education
2010
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
Schreiner University
 
- 
Education
 
City
 
, 
State
Accomplishments
My clients felt comfortable speaking with me and they knew I would follow through to the best of my ability and my level of authority.
I have a personal goal, the day is not done until the items to be done are complete.
Skills Used Microsoft Word, Works, EXcel, customer service, filing, data input, answering phone, researching for answers to questions.
2011 Â​ 2012 Â​ A Child's Learning Place Cooperative Teacher Â​ 3 and 4 year old children and Kinder Ready for summer day camp A
Child's Learning Place 
- Kerrville, TX - 2011 to 2012 Responsibilities 3 and 4 year old children and Kinder Ready for summer day camp
Student teaching and observation of staff, 2nd grade level Tally Elementary - March 2010 to May 2010 Used various methods and
strategies to create a positive learning environment in a self contained classroom.
Special Service Associate The Kerrville Home Depot, Special Services - Kerrville, TX - March 2007 to January 2010 Student Teaching
Tally Elementary Spring Semester - Schreiner University Reading Academy - Kerrville, TX - March 2008 to May 2008 I taught in a self
contained 2nd grade classroom containing 21 students.
The courses taught were reading, math, grammar, social studies, and science.
The classroom was set up to create a positive, interactive, and creative learning environment.
I worked with students in whole group and small group situations.
I assisted students and provided guidance during individual practice for daily lessons.Some lessons included technology such as smart boards and over head projectors.
Relationships with other staff, faculty, students and parents helped to build a strong learning environment that was positive for the children.
Field Work Up N' Jacks Preschool Program: Lead Teacher.
Curriculum based activities that promote growth for the whole child.
Math, whole word recognition, phonics, science, social studies, and physical activities.
Curriculum and strategies are incorporated to have 3, 4, and 5 year old students classroom ready for Kindergarten.
Sales Associate Bealls, Shoe Dept - Kerrville, TX - June 2006 to March 2007 Policy Board member Kerrville Head Start - 2006 to 2006
2006, policy of the school, teacher employment and general safety concerns for the students.
Professional Affiliations
Kerrville Head Start Policy Board Member 2006
Certifications
Certified Teacher EC- 4th. I am willing to become certified in any field necessary. I am also licensed in the
state of Texas for Insurance.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION I hold an Orange Belt in MMA
Additional Information
Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer
Skills
Accounts Receivable, 
Lesson planning, 
listening, Math, Excel, Power point, Microsoft word, Microsoft Works,Internet Research, problem
solving, Speaking,Teacher