TEACHER
Summary
Kind and compassionate Elementary and Middle School Teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all
students.
Experience
02/2016
 
to 
Current
Teacher
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
5th Grade STEM; K, 1st, 2nd, 3rd Grade Horizon Science; Library Grades Pre-K - Observed and assessed student performance and
kept thorough records of progress.
Implemented a variety of teaching methods such as discussions and demonstrations.
Utilized technology during lessons (e.g.SMARTboard), to create interactive learning experiences and target visual learners.
Set and communicated ground rules for the classroom based on respect and personal responsibility.
Kept student motivated, focused and excited to learn by utilizing hands-on activities that relate to real-world experiences.
Scheduled and held parent-teacher conferences to keep parents up-to-date on children's academic performance.
Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and school administrators.
Collaborated with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student engagement.
Created lesson plans in accordance with Common Core and Science Scope and Sequence Standards.
Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.
Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.
Created hands on activities for students to gain a better understanding of the lesson and teaching point.
Provided small group instruction to individuals who need extra support.
Orchestrated Open Access Library every Tuesday after school.
Maintained library and library duties.
Created and ordered books for school library and classroom teachers from school budget.
09/2013
 
to 
06/2016
Teacher
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
2nd, 4th(Science), 5th(Science, Math and ELA), 6th(Math), 7th(Math and ELA), 8th (Math) Implemented and taught lessons based on the
Common Core State Standards in ELA, Math, Social Studies, and Science.
Established clear objectives for all lessons, units and projects.
Encouraged students to persevere with challenging tasks.
Used the positive reinforcement method to redirect poor behavior.
Provided one on one assistance to those students who needed extra support.
Worked with fellow employees on lesson strategies, fund raisers, and school assemblies.
Employed effective reading lessons using the five pillars of reading: vocabulary, comprehension, phonemic awareness, fluency, and phonics.
Implemented effective classroom management strategies.
Provided small group instruction to individuals who need extra support.
Successful at keeping communication with parents/guardians, by keeping a friendly manner, and being open to any questions or concerns.
Improved students' reading levels through guided reading groups and whole group instruction.
Worked with fellow teachers to discuss lesson strategies that would most benefit students.
Reflected on teaching practice to improve teaching techniques and continue to become a better educator.
Accepted coaching from fellow teachers and administrators and immediately incorporated feedback.
Used children's literature to teach and reinforce reading, writing, grammar and phonics.
Differentiated instruction according to student ability and skill level.
Taught students to exercise problem solving methodology and techniques during tests.
Served on various committees and projects including Veteran's Day, Thanksgiving Food Drive, and Volleyball Club.
Education and Training
January 2013
BACHELOR OF ARTS
 
College of Staten Island
 
ï¼​ 
State
MASTER OF SCIENCE
 
: 
SPECIAL EDUCATION
 
Touro College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
SPECIAL EDUCATION
Certifications
New York State Teaching Certificate in General and 
Differentiated instruction specialist Special Childhood Education (1-6) 
Organizational
development knowledge Students with Disabilities Test - Passed Licensed Pending 
Curriculum development 
Lesson planning expertise 
Flexible
and adaptive
Skills
academic, budget, coaching, conferences, Curriculum development, educator, instruction, Lesson planning, lesson plans, Math, Access,
Organizational development, problem solving, progress, reading, teacher, Teaching