FOOD SERVER
Professional Summary
Hardworking professional with a history of exceeding expectations and delivering quantifiable results. Known for boosting company morale by
fostering interdepartmental communication.
Skills
Cash handling, Professional and friendly, 
Careful and active listener, Data Entry.
Education and Training
May 1982
McEachern HS
 
City
 
, 
State
 
High School Diploma
 
: 
Business
Business
Community Service Volunteer, Girl Scouts 2012-2013
Work Experience
August 2013
to
May 2015
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Food Server
Monitor food distribution, ensuring that meals are delivered to the correct recipients and that guidelines, such as those for special diets, are
followed.
Clean or sterilize dishes, kitchen utensils, equipment, or facilities.
Served over 300 students daily.
Load trays with accessories such as eating utensils, napkins, or condiments.
Stock service stations with items such as ice, napkins, or straws.
Remove trays and stack dishes for return to kitchen after meals are finished.
Prepare food items, such as sandwiches, salads
Food preparation or serving techniques to ensure that proper procedures are followed.
August 2007
to
May 2011
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Subsitute Pre K Teacher
Order or obtain materials needed for classes.
Provide extra assistance to students with special needs, such as non-English- speaking students or those with physical and mental
disabilities.
Tutor and assist children individually or in small groups to help them master assignments and to reinforce learning concepts presented by
teachers.
Enforce administration policies and rules governing students.
Discuss assigned duties with classroom teachers to coordinate instructional efforts.
Instruct and monitor students in the use and care of equipment and materials to prevent injuries and damage.
Maintain computers in classrooms and laboratories and assist students with hardware and software use.
October 1985
to
February 1999
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Loan Processor
Encode and cancel checks, using bank machines.
Compare previously prepared bank statements with canceled checks and reconcile discrepancies.
Match statements with batches of canceled checks by account numbers.
Load machines with statements, cancelled checks, or envelopes to prepare statements for distribution to customers or stuff envelopes by
hand.
Fix minor problems, such as equipment jams, and notify repair personnel of major equipment problems.
Establish and maintain relationships with individual or business customers or provide assistance with problems these customers may
encounter.
Examine, evaluate, or process loan applications.
Evaluate financial reporting systems, accounting or collection procedures, or investment activities and make recommendations for changes to
procedures, operating systems, budgets, or other financial control functions.
Certifications
Serv Safe Certification