SHORE SENIOR CONSTRUCTION PIPING ENGINEER
Professional Summary
Mechanical engineer with more than 7 years' experience in construction field of EPC Oil &Gas industries onshore and offshore projects including
structural, process piping, underground piping system, flow lines, transmission pipelines, pressure vessels, storage tanks and static/rotating
equipment.
Core Qualifications
AutoCAD
Solid Works
Project And Visio
Microsoft PowerPoint
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word
System facility And Plant Modifications
Material Handling
Pump And Piping Systems
ASME
Talented Technical Writer
Time Management Skills
Key Skills
Experience
Shore Senior Construction Piping Engineer
 
November 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Installation Equipment(slug catcher, high-pressure scrubber, Knock out drum , 16" Metering Gas Skid and oily water treatment unit) with
Tie-in new piping network.
16" x 30 km Oil pipeline and16" x 18 km Gas pipeline construction.
Fabrication No of 3 oil and firefighting tanks with 500 M3 capacities.
Oil, Gas and firefighting piping network around GOSP.
Commissioning and start up for plant.
OFF-Shore activities Platform-A Construction of several carbon steel transmission 24", 8" & 4" x 17 Km sea pipe lines using marine barge
PMS-12.
Installation of (110 ton) deck extension using marine barge pms-12.
Well head hook-up piping fabrication and erection for 4 wellheads using marine barge maridive-300.
Installation two deck extensions 45 tons & 20 tons using marine barge PMS-11.
Installation two deck extensions 25 tons & 18 tons using marine rig 124 shelf drill.
Replacement all pipe lines and valves at platform AMAL-A using marine barge GEPO EL AMLAK.
Installation two 46" piles beside platform and ties it by welding 10 braces.
Installation three 30" conductors beside platform and ties it by welding 20 braces.
Platform-B Installation pig Launcher (8" flow line) using marine RIG ELZAHRA.
construction of several carbon steel well head hook-up piping including 
welding, NDT , hydro test , erecting, steel structure fabrication and
commissioning 
for the following 4 wellheads using marine RIG EL-ZAHRA Installation three conductors beside platform and ties it by
welding 22 braces.
installed three deck extensions using marine RIG BAHRI-1 SINO THRWA.
Replacement all pipe lines and valves at platform AMAL-B using marine RIG ELZAHRA.
Construction Piping Engineer
 
June 2009
 
to 
November 2013
BADR Petroleum Company and SHELL - Matroh, Abide Major Activities Replacement for old 2 Regeneration Column's height is 34
meters and 80 Tons weight.
Tie-in piping network of pre-compression plant which is under construction, to carry out a rectification project to replace over 500 valves
and to implement a number of 50 plant modifications FCP (Field Change proposal).
Fabrication & Installation of new Metering.
Recycle compressors A&B (FCP-239)-Changing of first and second stage from Carbon Steel pipe to Duplex pipe and Hydro test for it.
Construction of several carbon steel transmission pipe lines including trenching, stringing, welding, coating, lowering, sand-bedding, back
filling, Well head hook-up piping duplex, hydro test , cable tray and Electrical & Instrument 
works 
for 10 wellheads.
Supervisor engineer for grit blasting & painting of OBAIYED south F/L (carbon steel 10650 M/L) applying painting system - Epoxy HR
(high solid phenolic epoxy) 2*125 µ.
Construct and installation a new water treatment project.
Constructions / Piping Engineer
 
July 2011
 
to 
September 2011
 
Company Name
Major Activities Erection & installation procedure for the ultra-sonic flow metering system.
Remove/dismantle and install metering skid with all valves.Remove/dismantle and install all old cable & control house and sampler.
Connect all instrument (control and power) cable to metering house and junction box.
Pre-commissioning and commissioning service.
Company Name
ZAGAZIG, Egypt Technical Skills and qualifications Checking and reviewing isometrics and drawings according to ASME CODE B 31.3,
Creating the material take off for drawings, checking & issuing the required materials.
Creating a purchase requisition required for material.
Material Inspection.
Manage and coordinate piping installation activities including daily task risk assessments and compilation of method statements.
Supervise Piping Erection of Gas and Crude area.
Supervise P/L site activities such as trenching, stringing, welding, coating, lowering, sand-bedding and back filling.
Monitoring the project related engineering activities that carried out by contractor and follow the issuing and approving of the IFC
documents, drawings, Material requisitions & Pursues orders.
Ensure that all Construction activities are carried out to the project specifications, drawings, procedures, quality needs, estimated costs and
safety standards.
Follow up and coordinate the commissioning and testing activities with contractors & vendors up to the completion and testing certificates.
Ensuring the quality control and HSE awareness during construction.
Supervise the company construction Base Crew in repairing defects and executing the required Field Change Proposal and other
modifications for Gas plant process during the normal plant operation or at 
Shut-Downs and Prepare the resources required for works.
Issuing punch list for the construction works and verify close out of piping punch list prior to hydrostatic test.
Education
Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering
 
: 
2009
Skills
AutoCAD, cable, engineer, engineering activities, filling, HR, Inspection, materials, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word,
works, network, Oil, painting, Proposal, quality, quality control, repairing, safety, SHELL, Solid Works, Supervisor, Technical Writer, Time
Management, transmission, Visio, water treatment, welding