PUBLIC RELATIONS OFFICER/ VICE-PRESIDENT
Summary
Well-endowed in taking on leadership positions, both inside my area of specialties and outside Delight in and highly adaptive to changing
environments of both work and pace. Stemming from 4+ years of educational leadership and customer service I am well versed in communicating
and working with others to in collaborative situation to find a solution to a problem, but can also work confidently and efficiently independently.
Always looking to set higher academic, professional, and personal goals, and work passionately towards achieving them. Excellent customer
service skills. Able to answer questions and assist people in a friendly, professional manner. Anticipate customer's needs for a welcoming and
customer-focused environment. Excellent organizational and time management skills, ability to prioritize and meet deadlines under pressure. Unique
ability to connect and communicate with diverse population. Able to respond 
to customer inquiries and concerns by researching and identifying
positive solutions Excellent interpersonal and conflict resolution skills resulting in highly productive relationships Able to accurately track, transcribe,
store, and maintain information in written or electronic form. Adept at Microsoft Word, Excel, and Power Point.
Experience
January 2010
to
January 2012
Company Name
Office Staff which provides excellent customer.
Duties include: 
managing multi-lined customer service phones, stage set up, routine office assignments, assisting with school events,
coordinate and host new student orientations, visit high schools throughout the community to recruit new students for CGCC and interact
with students throughout the campus through interviews regarding their college experience participating in T.V.
Commercials to represent the college.
January 2011
to
January 2012
Company Name
 
Public Relations Officer/ Vice-President
for Pursuing All Cultures Knowledgably.
Some of my leadership roles as a P.R.
Officer and Vice president 
were to get students more involved in campus events, community service/projects, guide fellow scholars toward
achieving success, and set an example for not only my fellow peers in P.A.C.K.
but other students around campus.
I do this by maintaining a high GPA, and donating my time and energy to charity events, and other community/college services.
January 2012
to
May 2012
Company Name
 
Student Leader
of the Light Feet Project on the Pecos/Williams Field Campus.
At the beginning of the spring semester I was assigned the position of being the leader of the Light Feet project for the Pecos/Williams Field
Campus for my African American Honors class.
My leading role consists of setting-up/directing fund raisers, and shoe drives.
Our goal for the semester is to collect 100 pairs of shoes, socks, and laces.
All of the proceeds will go to the Light Feet Project, who will later distribute the shoes to children in Malawi, Africa.
05/14/15 - 8/09/15 
Volunteer Patient Care in Interventional Cardiology and Neonatal Intensive Care Unit at Bayfront Medical Center,
Florida.
During my time at the Bayfront medical center I volunteered in both the NICU and interventional Cardiology departments where assisted in
caring for both adults that underwent heart surgery and newborns that were suffering from a form of drug addiction or pre-mature birth.
My job title consisted of I answering phones, scheduling appointments, checking patients both in and out of the hospital, and assisting the
nurses and doctors in caring for the patients.
Work History
Company Name
Company Name
Education
December 2015
Alumni of Arizona State University From Chandler Gilbert Community College
 
B.S
 
:
 
Biochemistry
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.22 M. Scholarship Recipient
*Vice-President of CGCC's Pursuing All Cultures Knowledgably, campus club *Treasurer of CGCC's Phi Theta Kappa Alpha Sigma Nu,
Honors Society 
*First Generation College Student, graduated with associates in science
 
Biochemistry GPA: 3.22 Accomplishments Community
and College Volunteer Projects CGCC Chancellor and S.T.E. M. Scholarship Recipient Vice-President of CGCC's Pursuing All Cultures
Knowledgably, campus club Treasurer of CGCC's Phi Theta Kappa Alpha Sigma Nu, Honors Society First Generation College Student,
graduated with associates in science
Arizona State University
 
B.S
 
: 
Biochemistry
 
Biochemistry
Interests2012-2013 
Treasurer for Phi Theta Kappa Chandler-Gilbert Community College Pecos Campus Department of Student Life My job is to help
the Phi Theta Kappa honors society achieve five-star status, and help bring a more in-depth experience of achieving academic success to not only
members in Phi Theta Kappa, but also to other students around the campus to help encourage them to reach beyond the sky when it comes to
academic success, as well as various other aspects in their lives. Service Activity 11/22/2010 
Boys&Girls Club Thanksgiving Galo Chandler-
Gilbert Community College Pecos Campus Department of Service Learning
Personal Information
This event was meant to benefit the families who are less fortunate, and can't afford to provide a proper Thanksgiving for their family. I myself
gained a lot from helping host this event. I learned to appreciate the most basic essentials in my life and I'm grateful for all of the blessings I have
received. 
02/26/2011
Additional Information
2012-2013 
Treasurer for Phi Theta Kappa Chandler-Gilbert Community College Pecos Campus Department of Student Life My job is to
help the Phi Theta Kappa honors society achieve five-star status, and help bring a more in-depth experience of achieving academic success
to not only members in Phi Theta Kappa, but also to other students around the campus to help encourage them to reach beyond the sky
when it comes to academic success, as well as various other aspects in their lives. Service Activity 11/22/2010 
Boys&Girls Club
Thanksgiving Galo Chandler-Gilbert Community College Pecos Campus Department of Service Learning This event was meant to benefit
the families who are less fortunate, and can't afford to provide a proper Thanksgiving for their family. I myself gained a lot from helping host
this event. I learned to appreciate the most basic essentials in my life and I'm grateful for all of the blessings I have received. 02/26/2011
Into The Streets - Citrus picking for the National Food Bank. Chandler-Gilbert Community College Pecos Campus Department of Service
Learning This was a charity event that was meant to get the students more involved with their school and give them a chance to give back to
their community. The event benefitted the National Food Bank. All of the Citrus that was picked was donated to the Food Bank to help
feed those who are less fortunate. 03/02/2011 & 11/09/10 
Poverty 101/ Hunger Banquet Chandler-Gilbert Community College Pecos
Campus Department of Service Learning The Poverty 101 event benefitted me, the CGCC staff, and the students who attended the event.
By donating my time and energy to help host the event, I was able to become more intuitive of my surroundings, and help create a more
beneficial experience for my college peers. 2015-present 
Volunteer for Camp Kesem I was introduced to Camp Kesem through a very
close friend of mine, which allowed me the opportunity to connect with others that have been affected by cancer. This summer I'll be work
close with young children that are either battling cancer or have parents that have been affected by it, in hopes to bring some form of joy and
relief to their lives.
Skills
scheduling appointments, C, Cardiology, customer service, directing, leadership, managing, Office, Patient Care, surgery, answering phones,
phones