ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Summary
Work as engineering technician on fault isolation area saving medical devices from electrical failures that could be reworked at site depend the
electrical failures. Delivering $1,200 per each device that can be saved at site. Implement new electrical test location that affect yield per site,
medical devices and machinery that cost $5k each equipment. Reducing electrical disposition and operator overtime work.
Experience
Engineering Technician
 
January 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Work as an Engineering Technician on Fault Isolation area that involves electrical disposition of medical devices that fails on different
electrical test on the manufacturing process. Preventive and corrective maintenance of equipment as electrical tester machinery and
equipment that are involve on manufacturing process. Develop documentation as IQ, OQ, PQ, IQP, PPQ and others documents to validate
new electrical machinery that arrives to the site.
Troubleshoot medical devices that fail daily on electrical process operating customs software developed by the company, power supply,
Pico amp meter, source meter, DMM, Digital Phosphor Oscilloscope and custom software.
First article inspection for new fixture that arrive at site.
Installation and Operational Qualification Protocol of 3 new different electrical testers.
Monthly Preventive and corrective maintenance of electrical testers and troubleshooting electronic circuit boards and electronics modules
that are part of the equipment.
Daily Production First Pass Yield report of electrical production process and evaluate failures on report to work as soon as possible with
the machinery that have a continuous electrical failures that impact daily production targets.
Soldering experience with both through-hole and surface mount technologies, repair cables, connector, and electronic fixture assembly on
ESD sensitive environment. Assembling and, wiring new equipment that arrive at site using schematic diagrams.
Instrument Technician
 
January 2011
 
to 
January 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Addecco Service Daily Calibration of instrument used on manufacturing areas that are used for manufacturing process and monitoring
temperature and humidity of all rooms were products are develop to ensure good quality products.
Technical work that involved, repair, installation, troubleshooting, loop checking calibration of equipment and process control systems used
in manufacturing and analytical labs.
Preventive maintenance work that involves monthly calibration of equipment as PSI gauges, Temperature and Humidity chart recorders,
conductivity sensors, torque testers used on packaging area, PH sensor, Flow meter instrument etc
Daily weigh balance calibration used on analytical labs and manufacturing process rooms as Mettler Toledo, Sartorious etc
Project Manager Assistance
 
January 2005
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Work on projects estimation for electrical mechanical and instrument installations, instrument, electrical and mechanical maintenance for
pharmaceutical and biotechnology facilities. Work as intern contractor on Amgen as maintenance technician of Utilities. Electrical and
Mechanical Technician:
Preventive and corrective maintenance of pneumatics valves, ball valves, exhausts fans and other instrument as AIT, TE, Speed sensors,
Flow Meters, PIT and LIT following GMP's and SOP documents.
Work on installation, troubleshooting and equipment repair following all GMP's and documentation report of all malfunction findings that
cause the problem.
Work on the development and executed the implementation and validation protocol of new equipment to ensure it meet all design and
specification and site regulation.
Participate in improvements of new corrective and preventive maintenance to get equipment out of risk.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Electrical Engineering
 
, 
2009
 
POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY OF PUERTO RICO
 
POLYTECHNIC UNIVERSITY OF
PUERTO RICO, PR Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering, 2009 ~ GPA: 2.50/3.00
Accomplishments
Accomplished, proactive engineer with entry level experience in programming, testing, analysis, and design. Possess extensive educational
qualifications with Bachelor degree in Science of Electrical Engineer with a minor in Control System Design. Recognized for strong adherence to
safety, ability to work well as team member and leader, and exceptional work ethic. Proven technical, interpersonal communications, and training
skills. Core competencies and professional strengths include
Certifications
AIT
Languages
Spanish
Skills
Maintenance, Corrective Maintenance, Documentation, Industrial Machinery, Preventive Maintenance, Sensors, Biotechnology, Electrical
Mechanical, Estimation, Hydraulics, Mechanical Technician, Pneumatics, Project Manager, Sop, Manufacturing Process, Apqp, Assembly, Circuit
Boards, Dmm, Electrical Test, Esd, First Article Inspection, Inspection, Medical Devices, Oscilloscope, Production Process, Schematic,
Soldering, Surface Mount, Test Engineer, Through-hole, Wiring, Calibration, Control Systems, Packaging, Process Control, Sensor, TemperatureAnd Humidity, Control System Design, Electrical Engineer, Engineer, Entry Level, Ieee, Mechanical/electrical Engineer, Proactive, Self Motivated,
Testing, Training, Electrical Engineering, Pr, Public Relations