PUBLIC RELATIONS INTERN
Summary
Team leader and developer with over five years' experience in management, sales, customer service and achieving positive outcomes as a result of
integrity, hard work, and innovative thinking. Highlights of qualifications include: Professional experience serving on teams receiving regional and
national recognition for excellence. Proven leadership and motivation ability through management and volunteer roles. Strong verbal and written
communication skills. Experience in the organization of staff and volunteers in multiple high-paced environments.
Experience
Public Relations Intern
 
Jun 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Develop relationships with media contacts and ensure integrity within articles.
Execute media events in a timely fashion.
Write weekly press releases covering weekend, sent to fans and sponsors.
Develop and manage content for digital media platforms, including websites, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat, Google+, and
YouTube.
Manage crisis communications and develop talking points for internal and external audiences.
Sales & Service Coordinator/Assistant Branch Manager
 
Feb 2014
 
to 
May 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Individual recipient of "Pinnacle Award" for the Cincinnati Region in Quarter One 2015 - based on results of sales to goal (250%), retail
quality assurance audit (operational), employee satisfaction index rating, and customer satisfaction index rating.
Ensured compliance with operational policies and procedures and provided workflow direction to branch staff members.
Assisted branch manager with employee interviewing, selecting, training, setting and adjusting pay rates and work hours, directing daily
work, monitoring or implementing compliance measures, administering discipline, evaluating performance and recommending hiring and
termination decisions.
Applied selling techniques to open, develop, and close sales by creating product interest, actively cross-selling products, and actively
pursuing potential customers.
Addressed and resolved when possible escalated customer concerns or complaints.
Guest Services Supervisor
 
Sep 2012
 
to 
Aug 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Organized 30-40 staff members and volunteers during various events at all of Charlotte Motor Speedway's tracks.
Answered questions for guests pertaining to the events and facilities.
Handled any complaints from area assigned to help satisfy guests to ensure a positive experience.
Problem solved in a positive manner to ensure guests were satisfied with their visit.
Sales Manager
 
Jun 2011
 
to 
Feb 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Member of Store #1252 team awarded "Store of the Year" for Best Buy Co, Inc., FY 2012 Store received multiple "Top Store of the
Month" honors from 2011-2014 in Richmond, IN, Charlotte, NC, and Muncie, IN.
Recommended by home store District 14 Manager and selected by Carolina District Manager and HR Manager to serve as one of two
people to turn around a poor-performing store in Charlotte, NC.
Outcomes in 12-month appointment: Store earned "Top Store of the Quarter" recognition for T-4 territory in March 2013 Reduced shrink
significantly by keeping thorough inventory and applying and company policies and procedures.
Implemented employee evaluation process to uphold policies by employees Coached and trained existing and new employees in company
sales techniques, behaviors, goals and culture.
Increased customer satisfaction index by applying Best Buy practices to all points of customer contact.
Supported goal achievement by modeling strong salesmanship and positive behaviors, driving customer satisfaction and retention goals, and
coordinating relationships with surrounding businesses, other Best Buy stores, and the local community.
Sourced, interviewed and hired employees for individual business group.
Continually coached and trained new employees, building confidence through role playing, weekly one-on-one consultations, and provided
coaching recognition and feedback to create an open and approachable culture in the store.
Managed Profit & Loss statements, opened and closed store, handled all cash and prepared bank deposits, audited cashier drawers, and
created employee schedules.
Analyzed store's performance indicators against team selling behaviors and goals and develop action plans to address objectives and
achieve desired business results.
Served as Employee Experience Committee (EEC) Chairperson for all three stores - built relationships with businesses and organizations in
local area, coordinated volunteer efforts for 12 large-scale community events each year.
Ensured minimum of 10 volunteers at each event to secure $1,000 donation to each 501(c)(3).
Public Relations/Social Media Manager, Department of Athletics
 
Mar 2011
 
to 
May 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Promote Indiana University and Indiana University East and their mission to all fans of IU East and IU East Athletics.Consistently show ability to "think on my feet" and adapt to sudden changes.
Write, design and administer questionnaires and recruitment letters to students and coaches.
Social media director for all of athletics, promoting sports through Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat and iueredwolves.com.
Plan and execute all visits by prospective students, competing teams, and sponsors.
Organize athletes during visits to help build a connection with prospective recruits.
Organize fundraising events for athletics.
Serve as event manager for all athletic events, organized all event staff and logistics.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
, 
Business Administration
 
August 2015
 
Indiana University
 
Business Administration
Professional Affiliations
Member of Indiana University East Alumni Board of Directors (July 2015-Present) Member of the Indiana University Alumni Association (August
2015-Present) D. Michael Coyle - 2
Interests
Indiana University East Assistant Coach for Men's & Women's Track & Field (Spring 2015-Present) and Cross Country (Fall 2015-Present)
teams, earning USATF Level 1 Certification Completed 8-month Academy for Cultivating Talent - Center for Leadership Development, Indiana
University East School of Business (August 2014-April 2015) Alumni Advisor for Students Today, Alumni Tomorrow (STAT) club (July 2015-
Present) Served as Emcee for Campus Life and External Affairs events (August 2013-August 2015) Volunteered with track team at Special
Olympics held at Richmond High School - interacted with athlete participants and facilitated meet events (March 2015) 4 year Social Media
Coordinator for Student Activities Advisory Team (August 2011-August 2015) Community Volunteer for annual ReidRide - a fundraising program
for Reid Health which generates support and donations of thousands of pairs of shoes to be distributed to school-age kids in the greater Richmond
area (2012-Present) Volunteer for Richmond Parks & Recreation City Fit 5K (2012, 2014, 2015) Volunteer for United Way (May 2013)
Skills
c, cashier, coaching, com, content, crisis communications, customer satisfaction, directing, direction, driving, fashion, fundraising, hiring, HR,
inventory, letters, logistics, director, modeling, policies, press releases, Profit, quality assurance, recruitment, retail, selling, sales, websites,
workflow, articles
Additional Information
LEADERSHIP & COMMUNITY OUTREACH Indiana University East Assistant Coach for Men's & Women's Track & Field (Spring
2015-Present) and Cross Country (Fall 2015-Present) teams, earning USATF Level 1 Certification Completed 8-month Academy for
Cultivating Talent - Center for Leadership Development, Indiana University East School of Business (August 2014-April 2015) Alumni
Advisor for Students Today, Alumni Tomorrow (STAT) club (July 2015-Present) Served as Emcee for Campus Life and External Affairs
events (August 2013-August 2015) Volunteered with track team at Special Olympics held at Richmond High School - interacted with
athlete participants and facilitated meet events (March 2015) 4 year Social Media Coordinator for Student Activities Advisory Team
(August 2011-August 2015) Community Volunteer for annual ReidRide - a fundraising program for Reid Health which generates support
and donations of thousands of pairs of shoes to be distributed to school-age kids in the greater Richmond area (2012-Present) Volunteer
for Richmond Parks & Recreation City Fit 5K (2012, 2014, 2015) Volunteer for United Way (May 2013)