SALES REPRESENTATIVE-PSR
Summary
Customer-oriented, strategic-thinking Sales and Management Professional with over 10+ years of experience. Background in building
relationships, cultivating partnerships, retaining top accounts and growing profit channels by establishing trust. Persuasive, self-motivated leadership
professional with expertise in management and sales. Proven skills in promoting products and boosting revenue by connecting with customers and
effectively communicating sales recommendations. Proactive, well-organized sales leader successful at meeting and exceeding targets with strategic
approaches. Skilled lead generator, product demonstrator and problem-solver.
Skills
Relationship selling
Territory sales
Sales closing
Product management and pricing
Product and service knowledge
Post-sales support
Territory growth
Product merchandising
Sales Forecasting
Client account management
Promotional planning
Revenue growth
Team building and leadership
Brand management
Working collaboratively
Organizational and People skills
Experience
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE-PSR
 
09/2013
 
- 
Current
Recipient of the High Five Award for meeting sales and customer satisfaction targets; and for sustaining above average relationships
between company and the customer.
Identified customer needs to deliver relevant product solutions and promotions and meet target budgets.
Placed orders and answered customer questions in-person, through email and over phone to maximize customer service.
Fostered relationships with customers to expand customer base and retain business.
Kept up-to-date with regional market and industry trends to optimize marketing and sales plans.
Created and implemented store displays, promoting sales and growth.
Demonstrated product features to align with customer needs.
Created successful strategies to develop and expand customer sales.
Contacted new and existing customers to outline benefits of products.
Improved profitability and developed pipeline using multiple marketing channels and sales strategies.
Maximized efficiency and time management by effectively planning and organizing client routes within territory.
Monitored customer order process and addressed customer issues.
Prepared and processed contracts and order forms for new and existing customers.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
BEVERAGE MANAGER
 
01/2011
 
- 
04/2015
Developed a well-organized beverage system and directed a highly experienced team consisting of 10 bartenders and approximately 30
servers to provide best hospitality experience to customers.
Prepared appropriate staff schedules according to budgetary guidelines.
Oversaw and maintained stock levels to serve high-quality products consistent with customer requirements.
Demonstrated strong analytical and financial skills while maintaining budget, processing payroll, implementing cost controls, and evaluating
income estimates, profit and loss statements, sales and labor flash reports.
Improved staff productivity by conducting training on customer service, company policies, and safety practices.
Created a healthy and secure environment for staff and guests through the enforcement of safety and sanitation standards.
Retained remarkable service standards by hiring highly talented staff for all departments.
Trained all front of house staff on restaurant policies and procedures, guest service techniques and communication skills to ensure positive
experience.
Consistently maintained high levels of cleanliness, organization, storage, and sanitation of food and beverage products to ensure quality.
Exhibited thorough knowledge of foods, beverages, supervisory duties, service techniques and guest interactions.
Performed restaurant walk-throughs to gauge timeliness and excellent service quality.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
MERCHANDISER
 
01/2010
 
- 
05/2013
Supported sales reps in establishing special promotional set-ups and providing compelling presentation of products.
Drove sales and profitability goals by cultivating positive rapport with key store individuals and customers.
Organized engaging front-facing displays to capture customer interest and drive revenue growth.
Arranged items in favorable positions and areas of store to attract customers and optimize sales.
Communicated and coordinated planogram execution with store management.
Followed prepared sketches and planograms to arrange consistent shelves, racks and bins across various locations.
Updated seasonal displays such as windows and mannequins to highlight current product lines.
Configured and arranged up-to-date advertising and marketing displays, creatively placed merchandise on counters or tables to promote
visibility and sales.Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
SALES ASSOCIATE
 
01/2010
 
- 
11/2010
Identified customer requirements and suggested quality cellular devices by utilizing extensive product knowledge.
Arranged sales floor and presented the store in visually appealing manner.
Consistently met sales goals and ensured recurring business by nurturing long-term relationship with customers.
Attained customer confidence by providing interactive, engaging and reassuring store experience.
Maximized customer experience through prompt resolution of complaints or issues.
Education and Training
Morgan State University, Earl G. Graves School of Business
 
| 
City
 
BS
 
in 
Hospitality & Business Management
 
05/2011
Completed coursework in Finance, Accounting and Marketing.
The curriculum emphasizes managerial leadership and is designed to develop/prepare students with theoretical and applied business and
hospitality knowledge, skills, values and attributes.
Softball Team