BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Highlights
ADDITIONAL SKILLS
Fluent in 4 European Languages: English, French, Italian and Greek.
Proficient in Microsoft and Mac platforms. Good knowledge of Google docs, Quicken and Tradeware's ordering, shipping and
transportation management system.
Involved in various functions and fundraisers in the school's PTA. Chaired the Ross School's most successful Auction in 2011 raising
$250,000. Appointed 1st VP of fundraising in 2012. Also chaired the school's wine auction in 2010 and the annual fundraising party in
2012.
Highly organized, enthusiastic and financially astute.
Personable and energetic.
Experience
Business Development Manager
 
April 2007
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Founded a language service to assist individuals and corporations with foreign language requirements.
Offer Italian and French classes to professionals and children in a class room environment and privately.
Develop proprietary teaching and training materials tailor made for each student group.
Translation services (written and simultaneous) in and out of Italian, French and English.
Check translation's technical terms and terminology to ensure that they are accurate and remaining consistent throughout translation
revisions.
Translation and interpreting experience in a variety of industries, including communications, bio-medical and aviation. Reporting to the
Managing Partner, accountable for acquisition of new business and retention of existing clients in North America and EMEA.
Created and planned business strategies and budgets to meet the company's sales objectives and increase business opportunities.
Generated opportunities for meetings with key decision makers to drive the sales process forward.
Initiated and implemented sales strategies to increase profitability with key accounts.
Provided leadership and networking knowledge to the customers and maintenance of an appropriate presence in the industry.
Identified, developed and evaluated marketing strategies, based on knowledge of the company's objectives, market characteristics, cost and
markup factors.
Used sales forecasting or strategic planning to ensure the sale and profitability of products and services.
Analyzed business developments and monitored market trends.
Coordinated and participated in promotional activities and trade shows, working with developers, advertisers and production managers, to
market products and services.
Sales and Marketing Manager
 
October 2006
 
to 
March 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Responsible for the overall sales and marketing policies to reflect the company's strategies and objectives.
Developed and implemented a sales and marketing program and corporate identity for this UK start-up company.
Planed and created all the company's marketing and communication materials.
Initiated and executed a sales plan with the objective of growing the company in the North American market.
Researched strategies and plans which identified marketing opportunities, both domestically and internationally for direct marketing and new
project development.
Successfully implemented the company's sales and marketing plan, which directly resulted in a new sister office being opened in the US.
VP Sales and Marketing
 
March 1994
 
to 
July 2001
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Reporting directly to the CEO co-ordinated and directed the company's sales and marketing functions for EMEA.
Generated revenue from sales during this term, in excess of $10m.
Developed and co-ordinated sales selling cycles and methodologies.
Directed and oversaw the company's marketing function to identify and develop new customers for its products and services.
Created and managed sales and marketing budgets to include press, public relations, advertising and community outreach.
Supervised the planning and generation of the company's marketing and communication materials and the preparation, issuance and delivery
of sales materials, exhibits and promotional programs.
Directly managed critical and new client accounts and co-ordinated the management of other accounts.
Managed the relationship with partners (domestic and international), vendors, distributors and VARs.
Responsible for the repositioning of the company and the creation and execution of an aggressive marketing strategy, including a new
corporate identity and branding to attract external investment.
Executive Assistant
 
January 1991
 
to 
December 1994
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Reporting directly to the Chairman, responsible for all administrative support relating to scheduling, expenses, meetings, travel, client
relationship management.Assisted in special projects of cost control for selling and non-selling functions to achieve optimal expenditure levels for budgeting purposes.
Reviewed ordering procedures and formulation of stricter guidelines on quotes and tenders.
Analyzed all Concession Agreements which lead to a 2% increase of the overall Concession revenue.
Reviewed and analyzed the store's direct and indirect operating costs and attribution of these to various departments which resulted in the
relocation of some departments.
Co-ordinated and supervised the implementation and recommendations from various audit reports by both external and in house auditors.
Managed a team of "floating staff" to be assigned to trouble shoot areas of concern.
Education
MSc
 
: 
Trade and Finance
 
CITY UNIVERSITY BUSINESS SCHOOL
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
UK
 
CITY UNIVERSITY BUSINESS SCHOOL LONDON,
UNITED KINGDOM MSc Shipping, Trade and Finance, Dec 1990
BA
 
: 
French and Italian
 
THE UNIVERSITY OF HULL
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
UK
 
THE UNIVERSITY OF HULL HULL, UNITED KINGDOM BA
(Honors) French and Italian, July 1989
Accomplishments
BA (Honors) French and Italian, July 1989
Certifications
PTA
Skills
Marketing, Sales, Budgets, Promotional, And Marketing, Sales And, Aviation, Class, Comprehensive Large Array Data Stewardship System,
Excellent Multitasker, Simultaneous, Teaching, Training, Accounts And, Advertising, Branding, Community Outreach, From Sales, Its, Managed
Sales, Of Sales, Public Relations, Increase, Administrative Support, Audit, Budgeting, Cost Control, Executive Assistant, For Selling, Ordering,
Relationship Management, Scheduling, Selling And, Accountable For, Business Development, Clients, Forecasting, Implemented Sales, Key
Accounts, Maintenance, Market Trends, Networking, Sale And, Sales Forecasting, Sales Objectives, Sales Strategies, Strategic Planning, The
Sale, The Sales, Direct Marketing, Marketing Plan, Overall Sales, Project Development, Sales Plan, Energetic, Fundraising, Highly Organized,
Mac, Quicken, San, Self Motivated, Storage Area Network, Very Organized, Finance, Shipping