CONSTRUCTION WORK
Career Overview
Highly skilled in working with people. Main course of work has been in the Construction area but computers were also a big asset to my
knowledge as running a business requires the use of a computer and skills as many other things.
Qualifications
Strong analytical skills
Project management
Strong collaborative skills
Document management
Testing
Excellent problem solving skills
Customer needs assessment
Accomplishments
Leadership
 Â 
Served as leader and instructor of new sub-contractors.
Project Management 
Â 
Managed complex projects, facilitating acquisition of business requirements.
Prepared specifications, developed reporting and analytics
 Website Design
Website Design
 Â 
Created accent graphics, banner ads, icons, animations and logos using WordPress.
Client Interface
 Â 
Collaborated on client engagement strategy to drive entry into risk-driven project methodology, improving accuracy of project definition,
sizing estimates, and resource budget planning.
Improved client relationships and project predictability through shared business and technical perspectives, agreed project roles, risk
assessment, use cases, transparent business-aligned development efforts, and time-boxed delivery.
Team Collaboration
 Â 
Initiated development team evolution strategy and deployed best practices, such as team building, hard work development and repeatable
builds.
Defined project skill sets in line with methodology and drove training.
Work Experience
Company Name
 
May 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Construction Work
 
City
 
, 
State
Prepared and presented technical proposals for clients.
Meeting with the engineers and inspectors for all of the work they needed was also a part of my job.
Accomplishments I have learned how the process of building a building works.
How to interact with all of the workers and engineers and inspectors.
The process of scheduling who to come during what time was also clearly visible for me.
I have learned how to set up a frame.
How to read blueprints.
I have perfected my skills of interacting with different people on a very professional level.
Working with heavy machinery was also infused with my work.
Time planning also taught me a great amount of skills.
Company Name
 
March 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Owner
 
City
 
, 
State
Each day I come to my office and get the work orders that I can complete that day.
I plan each day accordingly so that I am efficient as possible.
I drive to job sites and do very professional type of work.
Interacting with neighbors happens daily so I have learned to interact in a very professional type of way, answering any questions they have
but also not giving out too much information.
Doing work with buildings plays a major role because I have to winterize the houses.
Finding broken pipes in the walls and submitting them to the larger companies.
Problem-solving skills are used daily.
Accomplishments I have earned the trust of my contractor.I have increased the number of jobs I take each day because of the efficiency I have learned.
Meeting with certain people and providing access to homes has become a large portion of my work so I have made many business partners.
The network of people I knew in this field has grew over these two years and I am very proud of that.
Skills Used Problem solving is a big part of my job! I use it daily.
Efficiency is used daily and i am proud to say I have acquired this skill.
Interacting with business partners, neighbors, and anyone who has any questions is also a skill i have learned, from calling people and setting
up appointments, to evicting people out of foreclosed homes.
Company Name
 
June 2008
 
to 
September 2008
 
Painter/Carpenter
 
City
 
, 
State
Each day I would paint the interior and exterior of houses and offices.
We came to the job site early to get as much work done as possible.
We would paint and then when we would make it back to the job site a different day after the paint would dry, we would usually install the
mill work.
Accomplishments I acquired friends and business partners during this job.
I would see many people that we did business with and very often they would recommend us to their friends and family.
I also learned how to be very careful with the work that I do as paint cant be easily washed off or changed.
I learned to do it right the first time.
Skills Used Doing everything carefully was the key to this job.
Being very friendly with the crew and with the people we were doing business for was also a big deal.
I learned about the way houses are built and how to treat different parts of the houses and buildings differently.
Education and Training
Highline Community College
 
2014
 
AA
 
: 
General
 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
framing, frame, machinery, office, Windows, Microsoft, Mac, Apple, works, networking, paint, problem-solving skills, read, scheduling, typing,
computer, formatting, leadership, teaching, learning, time-management, client negotiations