SALES
Career Focus
Sales and Marketing expertise includes over 15 years in the Atlanta Real Estate Industry with professional awards and multi million dollars in sales
volume yearly. As an Independent Contractor, I managed all aspects of sales,marketing, human resources, advertising and tax accountability with
one assistant.
I have also been the business manager part time for a local bicycle store a well as working full time building clientele for a major retailer and iconic
internationally recognized cosmetics firm.
Skills
Sales, 
strong problem solving and team building skills
computer proficient affinity for concise but thorough record keeping
internet and social media saavy, goal oriented with counter business model ready for creative staffing and event idea execution
good interpersonal awareness/ open to persuasive communication 
and coaching
awareness of client needs/interests as well as upper ideas for development 
and management goals
Professional Experience
Sales 
01/2007
 
ï¼​ 
08/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Savoir Faire and Chanel Atelier Academy Graduate
Macys My Client Award Develop for clientele and marketing strategy to increase staff productivity and volume.
Maintained client log of over 500 contacted through email,text and voice on a weekly basis and by appointment.
Host dynamic social media networking page/website for clients up to the minute information.
Maintain explicit Chanel guidelines for hygiene/ beauty treament and makeup application.Function as Fragrance Ambassador for the line.
Create, schedule and advertise special events and promotions for Chanel product line.
Interface with clients in store regarding their treatment and beauty application.
Our clients include Atanta celebrity and fashion industry names as well as local Vinings , West Cobb and some Buckhead Chanelophites.
Real Estate Sales
 
01/1997
 
ï¼​ 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Atlanta Board of Realtors Million Dollar Club Life Member
Coveted Phoenix Award denoting 10 consecutive years of over one Million per year in sales
Former Jenny Pruitt/Harry Norman Realtor
Top sales producer in office many years for homes in price range of $150,000 - $950,000.
Specialize in single family homes and condominium - new and resale purchases.
Relocation credentials for assisting transfered employees in the sale of their home or purchase of a home if buyer coming into Atlanta.
Chief/Volunteer
 
01/1990
 
ï¼​ 
01/1992
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed and trained a volunteer force of 30 firefighters within POST certification training guidelines.
Maintained two Fire stations.
Petitioned Mayor and City Council for funding for training and equipment and executed funding events
Worked with insurance companies regarding billing and Arson Investigation training.
I have maintained my Class B license.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
Georgia State University
Anthropolgy 
Atlanta, Ga, USA
Prehistoric/Historic culturally significant coursework and field study and excavation Â under the late Dr. Roy S. Dickens