CONSULTANT
Summary
Media Planner and Media Buyer roles handled in the adverstising industry with a total work experience of 4+ years. Excellent knowledge in the
Media agency analytical tools like TAM (Television Audience Measurement), IRS (Indian Readership Survey), TGI (Target Group Index), and
Google Analytics. Excellent knowledge in Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, Project, and Visio. Have used the tools at work place and
academic front prudently. Basic and working knowledge in SQL (Structured Query Language), Core Java, HTML, SAP MM module Worked on
operating systems like Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, and Apple OS X. Strong Interpersonal skills, leadership skills, listening skills,
quick learner, and team player. Have a delightful and enlightening experience in working with top clients in FMCG, Automobile, Retail, e-
commerce etc. Attended several conferences, and training programs with seniors. Highest qualification is MBA in International Business with dual
specialization in Marketing and Finance. Currently pursuing Masters in Management Information Systems in the US. Looking forward to switch
industry from Marketing to Technological field focused on Database side preferebly.
Highlights
JAVA
Web Technologies
HTML, CSS
Databases
MYSQL
Database Tools
SQL
Analytical and data Retrieving Tools
Google Analytics, TAM, TGI, RAM, IRS
Operating Systems
Windows 7, Windows Vista, Windows XP, and Apple OS X.
Accomplishments
Project Title Hospital Database Management System Course Database Design and Implementation Problem Lack of Centralized Database
System, paper records management and lack of communication between functional Department Solution To design a Hospital management
system and build the database in SQL Summary The project was related to Relational Database System and after identifying the
departments and hospital unit as a whole.
At the designing stage ER and Schema was formulated and in the implementing stage database was built in the most popular RDBMS called
MySQL.
Tools used MySQL Project Title Accounts Receivable Application (ARA) Course System Analysis and Design Problem The Company
was working on an old legacy IBM mainframe system, which was costly ad inefficient.
Solution Mainframe to distributed Environment Setup Summary new project proposed is to build an Accounts Receivable Application
(ARA) which is distributed unlike the rigid and costly IBM Mainframe System.
The Distributed ARA would be using the J2EE Platform, which is platform independent Java environment a Java platform for building, and
implementing web based enterprise and application.
Likewise, a disseminated framework will give Flexibility and scalability and cost efficiency.
Methodology Generating System Request, Feasibility analysis, Use cases, Sequence, class, package diagrams, GUI Samples Tools
Suggested/Used Ms Visio, Ms Project 2010, Java JDK, Business Objects, MySQL, Red Hat Linux, Web Logic Project Title ERP
Implementation for a Regional electrical Utility company Course Enterprise Resourse Planning (ERP) Problem The company functional units
are not communicating effectively and hence the overall efficieny is falling down Solution ERP system to make the company integrated
across functions Summary Regional electric utility company is planning to implement ERP systems into their organization to make it more
robust and integrated.
Methodology In each functional units of organization which is Marketing, HR, Finance, and supply chain, the organizational structure needs
to be identified, funcational and inter business processes needed to be identifiied and database needs to be integrated accordingly.
Tools Suggested SAP S&D, MM, FI, and HR Modules.
Experience
03/2014
 
to 
07/2014
Consultant
 
Company Name
The company was an event management company focused in the sports and fitness field based out 
of Bangalore.
Their main client was Google and my role was to plan the events and consult the company on Marketing related processes.
Job Responsibilities Managing Clients event planning budget Design and Implement Event Plans Monitor and control Event plans Consult on
Advertising and Marketing activities Manage Reports and presentations Send Weekly and monthly updates Attend Pitch Meetings and
presentations.
04/2013
 
to 
11/2013
Account Manager
 
Company Name
To manage Clients Advertising Budget, Presenting the competition scenario in media perspective, suggesting an appropriate media mix and
successfully implementing the plan, doing a post evaluation for the Media plan implemented.
Job Responsibilities Division of work among the team member according to the brief Prepare a Work flow report and assigning
responsibilties witn deadline Competition Analysis and Target audience profiling according to the campaign need Seeking approval for firstcut pre media plan from the client Regular Team Meetings and client meetings Generating MIS reports and weekly updates New client
pitching Maintaining great relationship with media vendors and clients Post Evaluation of the campaign and lessons learned Company Name
Group M Role Media Buyer.
12/2011
 
to 
04/2013
Company Name
To manage clients budget and negotiate the cost for the approved media plan and big media properties with the vendors and get the savings
for the client Job Responsibilities Division of work among the team member according to the brief Prepare a Work flow report and
assigning responsibilties witn deadline Investment profiling for media mix Responsible for first cut media plan Rates for planning Presenting
new Media investment oppurtunities to the clients Finalising the Rates for the media plan and provide savings report to the client New client
pitching Maintaining great relationship with media vendors and clients Post Evaluation of the campaign and lessons learned Company Name
Mudra Role.
06/2010
 
to 
12/2011
Media Planner
To Manage Clients Advertising Budget, Presenting the competition scenario in media perspective, suggesting an appropriate media mix and
successfully implementing the plan, doing a post evaluation for the Media plan Job Responsibilities Competition Analysis and Target
audience profiling according to the campaign need 
Seeking approval for first cut pre media plan from the client 
Generating MIS reports and
weekly updates 
Maintaining great relationship with media vendors and clients 
Post Evaluation of the campaign and lessons learned.
Education
Degree
MBA
 
: 
International Business MIS Management Information Systems
 
National University
 
GPA: 
GPA: 10/4
 
International Business GPA: 10/4 MIS
Management Information Systems
GITAM University
 
GPA: 
GPA: 6/4
 
GPA: 6/4 HOBBIES: Singing, Socializing, Working out , and Travelling
Skills
Advertising, Apple, Budget, CSS, client, Clients, Databases, Database, event planning, event management, Google Analytics, HTML, JAVA,
Managing, Marketing, Media plan, Meetings, Windows 7, Windows, Windows XP, MIS, MYSQL, new Media, Operating Systems, OS,
Presenting, presentations, processes, RAM, Singing, SQL, Vista