SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary
Serviceoriented employee with 19 year background in Customer Service. Dedicated to making customers happy and aiding in fulfilling their needs,
as well as excellent communication and time management skills. Handles tasks with accuracy and efficiency. Willing to go the extra mile and do
what it takes to get the task done. Whether it's taking orders via phone or in person. Will take the time and care needed, to make sure the job and
task at hand are done right.
Highlights
High customer service standards
Strong organizational skills
Active listening skills
Courteous demeanor
Energetic work attitude
Adaptive team player
Accomplishments
Customer Service
 Â 
Researched, calmed and rapidly resolved client conflicts to prevent loss of key accounts.
Sales
 Â 
Consistently generated additional revenue through skilled sales techniques.
Product Sales
 Â 
Cross-sold services, upgrading customers to different plans and product packages.
Customer Interface
Greeted customers upon entrance and handled all cash and credit transactions.
Assisted customers over the phone regarding store operations, product, promotions and orders.
Experience
Sales Associate
 
11/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Answer customers' questions about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection.
Itemize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter, using cash register, and accept cash or charge card for purchases.
Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons.
Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished.
Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise.
Stamp, attach, or change price tags on merchandise, referring to price list.
Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor merchandise.
Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles.
Design and set up advertising signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract customers and promote sales.
Lead Decorator
 
07/2003
 
to 
09/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Oversee activities directly related to making products or providing services.
Train new employees, or oversee those personnel processes.
Determine goods and services to be sold, based on forecasts of customer demand.
Perform sales floor work, such as greeting or assisting customers, stocking shelves, or taking inventory.
Plan and direct activities such as sales promotions, coordinating with other department heads as required.
Develop or implement product-marketing strategies, including advertising campaigns or sales promotions.
Plan store layouts or design displays.
Observe color of products being baked and adjust oven temperatures, humidity, or conveyor speeds accordingly.
Set oven temperatures and place items into hot ovens for baking.
Combine measured ingredients in bowls of mixing, blending, or cooking machinery.
Measure or weigh flour or other ingredients to prepare batters, doughs, fillings, or icings, using scales or graduated containers.
Roll, knead, cut, or shape dough to form sweet rolls, pie crusts, tarts, cookies, or other products.
Place dough in pans, molds, or on sheets and bake in production ovens or on grills.
Check the quality of raw materials to ensure that standards and specifications are met.
Check equipment to ensure that it meets health and safety regulations and perform maintenance or cleaning, as necessary.
Apply glazes, icings, or other toppings to baked goods, using spatulas or brushes.
Decorate baked goods, such as cakes or pastries.
Set time and speed controls for mixing machines, blending machines, or steam kettles so that ingredients will be mixed or cooked accordingto instructions.
Prepare or maintain inventory or production records.
Order or receive supplies or equipment.
Operate slicing or wrapping machines.
Develop new recipes for baked goods.
Work one on one with customers to help fill their needs.
Sit down with customers to design both birthday cakes, anniversary cakes and wedding cakes.
Decorator
 
04/1996
 
to 
11/2000
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Set time and speed controls for mixing machines, blending machines, or steam kettles so that ingredients will be mixed or cooked according
to instructions.
Decorate baked goods, such as cakes or pastries.
Apply glazes, icings, or other toppings to baked goods, using spatulas or brushes.
Check equipment to ensure that it meets health and safety regulations and perform maintenance or cleaning, as necessary.
Customer Service Phones Deliveries.
Education
High School Diploma
 
May 1999
 
Coastal Carolina University
 
City
 
, 
State
Marine Sciences
High School Diploma
 
Trinity High School
 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
advertising, cash register, color, cooking, Critical Thinking, Customer Service, Decision Making, English, maintain inventory, inventory, Listening,
machinery, Marketing, materials, personnel, processes, product-marketing, Speaking, quality, Reading, safety, Sales, tables, Phones, Time
Management