WEB DESIGNER
Professional Summary
Trained Quality Assurance Specialist with a demonstrated history of working in the pharmaceuticals industry. Skilled in Risk Assessment,
Regulatory summary writings, Documentation, Quality Assurance, Quality System, and Data Analysis. Strong quality assurance professional with a
Masters in Computer Science and Bachelors in Electronics.
Skills
Work History
Web designer
 
,
and Database designer: One Plus, Glasgow, UK.
Web designer: Nuclear disarmament, Glasgow.
UK.
Office assistant: Iona community.
Glasgow, UK.
Polling Clark in a Scottish parliament election (2004) Care Assistant in BUPA care home, Glasgow.
Specific skills: Langages: C & C# Data base: ORACLE, SQL Web Technologies: 
ASP.NET, HTML5, CSS3, Dream weaver.
Currently Quality specialist
 
, 
07/2015
 
to 
Current
 
City
 
Preparation of the Elemental impurity Risk reports for drug products and API Experienced in developing risk analysis model and conducting
thorough risk assessment starting from the basic till final report Generating regulatory summary for all the approved elemental impurities
reports (US and Canada) Collaborate globally and cross functionally (in CFTs) with in varying sites to complete complex project goals.
Sites: Ludwigshafen, Sligo, Cork, AP16, Puerto Rico, and Campoverde.(e.g.
gluten, elemental impurities, and API metal catalysts) Author, co-author and verify multiple risk control assessments pertaining to elemental
impurities, gluten, and metal catalyst used in AbbVie drug products & API.
In-depth understanding of ICH Q3D, EMA, Pharm Eur, USP, and Gluten-FDA in relation to Abbvie drug products.
Assist compendial services with heavy metal deletion project in relation to Abbvie API's Proficient in MS Word, Excel, Adobe Acrobat,
power point, Visio, and other commonly used software.
Web master
 
,
IBTN research group, UIC- February 2014 to till date Duties: Developed the official website of "IBTN research group ".
Weekly Updation of the site with all the details of major events.
Uploaded files and photographs of research works.
The website has an user friendly interface which even helps everybody to have a clear idea about IBTN.
Assistant Technical Officer (ATO)
 
, 
01/2004
 
to 
01/2005
 
Company Name
 
South Glasgow, NHS Trust, UK.
Duties: Data monitoring and analysis, recording and updating data base of sterilisation equipments, working as a group, work management
Responsible for correct assembly , checking, packing and marking of all items prior to sterilisation The operation of a range of
decontamination equipment and performance of routine user tests.
Inputting records and data required for the operation of the sterile services quality system.
Maintaining all the records, archives and IT system needed for the quality standard and traceability of the instrumentation.
Skills
ASP.NET, Adobe Acrobat, Dream Weaver, API, ASP, basic, C, C language, C++, Clinical Research, Controller, CSS3, Client, Data
Management, Data Base, Database, Database management, Digital Video, Editor, Embedded C, Embedded System, computer graphics, HTML,
HTML5, Logic, Access 2000, C#, Excel, Exchange, Office, power point, MS Word, works, NHS Trust, Oracle 9, ORACLE, ORACLE8.0,
PLSQL, Page, PLC, programming, quality, recording, research, risk analysis, risk assessment, scheduling, Simulation, SQL, System Design, Visio,
Visual basics, Visual Basic 6.0, Visual Basic6.0, Web designer, website, Web designing, Author
Education
Masters
 
: 
Computer Application
 
, 
Computer Application
MCA
 
: 
CMR Institute of Management studies, University of Banglore, INDIA. P.G
 
- 
Title :Green House Controller, Platform: Embedded C - CX15, Client: NeSt Cyber Campus, Trivandrum, Kerala, India . Including 6 months
training. Mini projects: Data Base Management Systems: Airline Reservation- Visual Basic6.0 and SQL. Information System Design and
Implementation : Employment Exchange -Visual Basic 6.0 and ORACLE8.0 Simulation and Modelling : Chemical Reactor developed by C.
Interactive computer graphics: Galixean Game using C++ language. System programming : Editor developed in C including all basic requirements
of an editor. Computer Architecture and Parallel Processing : Page Replacement Algorithms developed in language C.
C P U scheduling graph developed in C language.
 
:
Bachelor
 
: 
Electronics (BSc)
 
, 
1999
 
Electronics (BSc)
Digital Video graphy Other courses Data Management for Clinical Research , Vanderbilt University. Oracle 9i SQL/PLSQL training with OracleCertified Associate, at Caledonian University, Glasgow Embedded System with CX15 (Keil Compiler) (6-months training from Nest
Cybercampus 
: 
Mahatma Ghandhi University
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Design of a PLC (Program Logic Controller) based on control system for automatic connector assembling machine .
Database management - Visual basics, Oracle, SQL, Access 2000 ( Pentasoft, India) Web designing- ASP, HTML, Dream Weaver (Pentasoft,
India) ECDL Certification and SQA qualification- Flexicentre Glasgow
 
: