MANAGER/PIZZA CHEF
Summary
Expert in managing kitchen staff and preparing foods at reduced cost without compromising quality and taste.Â 
Skilled Pizza Chef with exceptional knowledge of baking times, methods, temperatures and flavors. Understands proper function and maintenance
of all pizza utensils and equipment.
Pizza ChefÂ possessing an innate skill in creating exceptional menu items. Leads productive working environments.
Motivated Pizza ChefÂ Â offering over 30Â years experience in the food industry. Focused on high standards for taste and quality, while
maintaining profitable margins. Superior communication and leadership skills.
Flexible personÂ who excels in a fast-paced environment looking for a position with growth opportunities.
Outgoing andÂ familiar with cash and food handling procedures. Possesses strong communication and time management skills.
Meticulous andÂ excellent at juggling multiple tasks and working under pressure. Broad industry experience.
Experienced andÂ professional with strong leadership and relationship-building skills.
Highlights
Quick problem solver
Thrives in fast-paced environment
Committed team player
Courteous, professional demeanor
Able to work in continuously-standing position
Prefer to work nights and weekends
Assumes 100% responsibility for quality of products
Experience
Manager/Pizza chef
 
01/1989
 
ï¼​ 
04/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Made gourmet Pizza, neapolitan pizza, pan pizza, sicilian stromboli, calzone, insideout pizza, bolibuns, garlic knots, Helped with fryer and
grill when needed.
Inventoried and restocked items throughout day.
Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goals.
Routinely cleaned work areas, glassware and silverware throughout each shift.
Skillfully promoted items on beverage lists and restaurant specials.
Developed and maintained positive working relationships with others to reach business goals.
Inventoried and restocked items throughout day.
Verified cash drawer against the day's receipts.
Restocked, refilled condiments, organized pantry area and swept and mopped floors.
Assertively upsold beverages, appetizers and desserts.
Assisted co-workers whenever possible.
Operated all kitchen equipment adeptly.
Stocked and maintained cleanliness of stations.
Cashier
 
05/2008
 
ï¼​ 
02/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Cashier,hogies and steaks.* Consistently provided professional, friendly and engaging service.
Skillfully promoted items.
Routinely supported other areas of the restaurant as requested, including answering telephones and completing financial transactions for
other staff.
Demonstrated genuine hospitality while greeting and establishing rapport with guests.
Provided friendly and attentive service.
Verified cash drawer against the day's receipts.Maintained complete knowledge of restaurant menu.
Assisted with guest inquiries, take-out orders and restaurant cleanliness.
Operated all kitchen equipment adeptly.
Routinely removed trash and debris from restaurant.
Stocked and maintained cleanliness of stations.
01/1985
 
ï¼​ 
Current
House painter Painted surfaces using brushes, spray guns and paint rollers.
Applied putty, wood filler, spackling and caulks to prep uneven surfaces.
Mixed and matched paints according to customer specifications.
Applied primer, paints, varnishes and lacquers to walls and surfaces.
Protected all surfaces with drop cloths prior to and during painting.
Applied exterior caulking to building joints and seams.
Performed flat glass repairs and minor structural repairs to concrete and wood decks, window trim, windows and door casings.
Minimized disruption of client space and thoroughly cleaned up after the completion of each job.
Taped around windows and fixtures prior to painting walls.
Painted indoor areas such as hallways, bathrooms and lobbies.
Cleaned and properly stored all paint equipment and supplies at the end of each work day.
Bid on projects, prepped the sites and completed the projects in line with customer specifications.
Cleaned the exterior of buildings using a motorized power washer.
Prepared trim, walls and ceilings for painting by cleaning, smoothing and priming.
Climbed scaffolding, staging, ladders and planks to reach work area surfaces.
Worked a flexible schedule, including some holidays and weekends, depending on the shifting needs of each project.
Selected the proper amount and type of thinners and accelerant to be used for each specific job.
Applied paint with cloth, brush, sponge and fingers to create special effects.
Completed tear-down of existing structures and prepared for new construction.
Accurately estimated time and materials costs for projects.
Requisitioned new supplies and equipment.
Cleared drains and downspouts and cleaned gutters.
Loaded and unloaded building materials used for construction.
Set ladders, scaffolds and hoists in place for taking supplies to roofs.
Sprayed walls with waterproof compound.
Blended paints and correctly matched colors.
Installed waterworks.
Education
1986
 
High School Diploma
 
:
 
South Philadelphia High School
 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
Quick problem solver
Thrives in fast-paced environment
Committed team player
Courteous, professional demeanor
Able to work in continuously-standing positionÂ 
Â PreferÂ to work nights and weekends
Assumes 100% responsibility for quality of products