SENIOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER
Professional Summary
Senior Construction Manager EPCM Safety/Mitigation, JSA, rules, regulations, work procedures and emergency response. Design, Standards,
Land Development, Infrastructure, Wet and Dry (PGE/SCE) utilities, Road Paving/Engineering, Caltrans/Public Works, Permits and Traffic
Control. Twenty+ years experience on a team oriented, multi-disciplinary environment in the commercial, industrial and residential field.
Professional experience ensuring time, cost effectiveness and liability minimization of personnel, equipment and material by estimating, reviewing
plans, submittals/RFI, approving bid packages, proposals, RWO, WO and CO. Coordinate and schedule all phases of construction, safety,
erosion control, land development, infrastructure, shut downs, tie ins, paving/road and environmental solutions. 
Forward planning, grading, CPUC:
G.O. 95, 128 and rule 20, street utility improvements, bond release and final Fire Dept. inspections to start the reimbursement and building
occupancy process for a 
number of developments. 
Track record of estimating, proposing and bringing complex construction and land development
projects with up to $225M and 200+ employees, fleet of heavy equipment and material from conception to completion within budget and on time.
Core Qualifications
Microsoft Project, SAP, SRM, BPC, SCADA, GIS, Word, Excel, Power Point and Outlook
Experience
Senior Construction Project Manager
 
January 2002
 
Company Name
California, U.S.
Projects Completed: 
PG&E 
Projects: Electrical EGI/ Substation 
San Luis Obispo, CA.
Management, coordination, forecasting and scheduling Electrical Generating Interconnection, Substation and SCADA ( E, EP and EPC)
construction, operational and pre-operational equipment, land development, grading, infrastructure, environmental and animal abatement
solutions for a number of Transmission and Distribution, SCADA automation projects located in California Los Padres, area 4 region.
Aera/Sturgeon Services Intl.
Project: Industrial 
Bakersfield, CA 
Management, coordination and scheduling of construction, land development, grading, infrastructure and
environmental solutions for a Water Treatment Injection Plant in 
Beldridge, California.
Brinderson, 
Project: Commercial/ Industrial/ Public Works 
Bakersfield, CA 
Management and coordination for the $225M design built
Energy Procurement and Production: engineering, land development, infrastructure, road estimating/paving and construction of several
commercial buildings, installation of piping, controls, monitoring and pre-operational process equipment for the development and
enhancement of two leases in Lost Hills California.
Commercial/ Industrial/ Public works 
Santa Fe Springs, CA 
Management, coordination, scheduling and estimating for the design built,
engineering, paving, land development and construction projects such as the expansion of the Naval Facility in Pearl Harbor Hawaii, Water
Treatment Plant expansion projects in Bakersfield and 
Wind Turbine Project for The Los Angeles Department of Water and Power.
Reynen&Bardis Comm., Project: Residential/ Public Works 
Visalia, CA 
Construction and Land Development management of numerous
projects throughout the Central Valley and surrounding areas.
Coordination and scheduling of engineering, infrastructure, public works and road/highway paving.
Review and approved all bid proposals, invoices, RWO, WO and CO.
Coordinate with City Building and Fire Dept.
officials for final street improvement inspections to initiate the bond reimbursement process.
Surveying, grading, underground wet and dry utilities, rule 20 and city improvements for future expansion.
KBHome, 
Project: Residential/ Public Works 
Valencia, CA 
Management, coordination and scheduling with Forward Planning, City/County
Building Departments and subcontractors for the completion of surveying, grading, underground wet/dry utilities, road paving/engineering,
S.W.P.P.P.
compliance and public works.
Bond release street improvement inspections for security deposit reimbursement.
Final Fire Dept.
inspection for occupancy of numerous residential projects throughout the Central Valley and LA County.
Lundgren Management, Project: Commercial/ Public Works 
Valencia, CA 
Managed, coordinated and scheduled prime contractors for an
elementary school infrastructure project.
In charge of all pre-construction and construction set up, surveying, offsite wet/dry utilities, soil report verification and setting up grading for
final pad certification and inspection.
Reviewed bid packages/proposals, permits, submittals, R.F.I.&rsquo;s, and change orders.
Safety and compliance with SWPPP rules.
Towbes Group, 
Project: Residential/ Public Works 
Santa Barbara, CA 
Managed, coordinated, and scheduled subcontractors throughout
all phases of construction to completion.
Arranged county inspections, reviewed permits, submittals, R.F.I.&rsquo;s, and change orders.
Assured safety and compliance with S.W.P.P.P.
rules and regulations.
Responsible for all surveying, grading wet/dry utilities, street improvements, traffic control and road paving/engineering.
Senior Construction Project Manager
 
January 2002
California, U.S.
Projects Completed Continue:.
Steton Construction, 
Project: Commercial 
Brea, CA 
At the Aerospace Corporation government facility, managed, coordinated andscheduled subcontractors in the structural renovation and retrofit of several buildings and laboratory facilities.
Updated all framing, plumbing, electrical, HVAC, controls, and fire code issues.
January 1997
 
to 
January 2002
 
Company Name
Project Manager, 
Project: Residential/ Public Works 
Orange County, CA 
Managed, coordinated and scheduled subcontractors,
inspections, permits, submittals, RFI&rsquo;s, approved RWO, WO and CO.
Assured safety during construction and completion of several residential projects throughout Ventura and L.A County.
Responsible for the inspection, approval and completion of all grading, surveying, underground wet/dry utilities, road construction paving
and engineering.
1986&ndash; 1997 
Projects Completed:.
Texaco/Smith Construction, Project Manager, 
Project: Commercial/ Industrial 
Ecuador, South America 
At the Raptor Rain Forest Project,
managed and supervised a $125M Environmental/Remediation, Land Development and Construction Project with 200+ employees.
Ensure time cost effectiveness and liability minimization of personnel, equipment and material for several off and on-site projects where
grading, road paving/engineering and several infrastructure and construction projects were developed.
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised a number of projects at Refineries and D.W.P&rsquo;s throughout Southern California such as the Arco Clean Fuel Project.
Managed and schedule construction of structures, process equipment and infrastructure ensuring a safe and timely completion of every task
for the improvement of buildings, underground utilities, road construction, soil decontamination, containment and change of custody of
environmental contaminated materials.
Kasler Construction, Assistant Project Manager, 
Project: Highway, Bridge/Underpass 
Santa Barbara, CA 
Highway road Construction
design built and Engineering.
Coordinated, scheduled and conducted inspections with subcontractors on a FREEWAY and BRIDGE/UNDERPASS project with
CALTRANS for the City of Santa Barbara.
Submittals, change orders, R.F.I&rsquo;s, and general construction contract administration.
Consolidated Concrete Structures, Assistant Superintendent, Project: Commercial 
Oxnard, CA 
Business Center Complex Development:
Assisted in the supervision and development of numerous commercial buildings and assured the safety of employees during the construction
and completion of several TILT-UP structures.
Education
M.S
B.S
 
: 
Petro/Civil Engineering
 
University of Southern California (USC)
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Petro/Civil Engineering
PG&E Frontline Construction, Contract and Project Management, SWPPP, Air Pollution Control, WESTEC: PASSPORT and BEST Plus
Safety Training, 40 hours Hazwoper, Trench and Excavation, First Aid and Safety
Certifications
ROTC, C.O. Core Training, P.C. 832 Peace Officers Standards and Training. Class A license.
Languages
Fluent in Spanish.
Skills
automation, C, CA, contract administration, Ventura, D.W.P, estimating, First Aid, forecasting, framing, GIS, government, HVAC, inspection,
materials, Excel, Outlook, Power Point, Microsoft Project, Word, Works, Naval, P.C., Pearl, personnel, plumbing, prime, process equipment,
Procurement, Project Management, proposals, renovation, RFI, Safety, San, SAP, SCADA, scheduling, Fluent in Spanish, supervision,
Transmission, utilities, Water Treatment