MECHANICAL ENGINEERING TUTOR
Summary
Driven and a self-motivated Mechanical Engineer with experience teaching Mechanical Engineering courses to undergraduate students. Seeking
opportunities to use those concepts in the field of Construction and Management.
Highlights
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook), AutoCad,
Experience
September 2014
 
to 
September 2015
Company Name
 
Mechanical Engineering Tutor
Subjects tutored- Mechanics, Probability and Statistics, MATLAB, Operations Research, Calculus.
Helped students understand the basic concepts of Physics and Calculus.
July 2013
 
to 
April 2014
Company Name
 
Assistant Professor
August 2011
 
to 
July 2012
Developed coursework and took lectures for 120 undergraduate students.
Subjects taught Heat and Mass Transfer, Strength of Materials.
Mentored a group of 4 undergraduate students for their final year project titled "Generating Fuel from Algae".
Faculty In-charge Mechanical Engineering students association (MESA) chapter.
President-Indian Society of Heating, Refrigeration and Air Conditioning Engineers college chapter.
April 2010
 
to 
August 2013
Company Name
 
Intern
Design Project: Development of Central Chilled water plant system layout for a 45000sq.
ft.
Retail outlet.
Studied the project life cycle management of the System.
Headed the Intern team and presented weekly progress reports to the Lead Design Engineer 
Academic Projects: Analysis of LASER
Cladding at IIT Bombay.
Studied the effects of Laser Cladding by Preplaced powder method on mild steel.
Calculated the effects of different parameters affecting the LASER clad.
Reduced the usage of powder by 30% and LASER power by 20% Banking Database Management System.
Designed a banking database management system for bankers which could calculate the credit score for new customers.
Designed and created a database in MySQL.
Implemented GUI in Excel using VBA Optimization and Scheduling of Shifts for Police Department.
Determined optimum shift timings for police officers and allocated appropriate shifts.
Analyzed publicly available data from a website.
Developed models for optimizing the availability of police officers.
Used Excel and AMPL for solving these models and scheduling the officers based on each model.
Education
May 2016
Arizona State University
 
Industrial Engineering
 
Master of Science
 
Industrial Engineering 3.15
May 2011
University of Mumbai
 
Mechanical Engineering
 
Bachelor of Engineering
 
Mechanical Engineering 3.9 Sustainable Energy Sources, Project Life Cycle Management, Design of Engineering
Experiments, Probability and Statistics, Heat and Mass Transfer
Interests
Volunteer Teacher, Akanksha Foundation, May 2008 - Aug 2013 *Helped students from the underprivileged sections of the society to
understand basic concepts of Mathematics *Coach for their Cricket and Field Hockey teams
Skills
Academic, AutoCad, banking, basic, Calculus, credit, database, Database Management System, Engineer, Experiments, GUI, LASER, layout,
Materials, MATLAB, Mechanical Engineering, Excel, Microsoft Office, Outlook, Power Point, Word, MySQL, Optimization, Physics, Police,
progress, Research, Retail, Scheduling, Statistics, VBA, website
Additional Information
Activities: Volunteer Teacher, Akanksha Foundation, May 2008 - Aug 2013 *Helped students from the underprivileged sections of the
society to understand basic concepts of Mathematics *Coach for their Cricket and Field Hockey teams