Roxanne Mejia
Summary
Motivating Chef competent in keeping kitchen staff on task and handling high-volume work. Knowledgeable about sourcing ingredients,
maintaining budgets and maximizing customer satisfaction. Works with General Manager to analyze food costs and forecast business trends to
make menu recommendations to meet company goals.
Skills
Portion and cost control
Waste control
Budgeting and cost control
Food preparation techniques
Purchasing
Kitchen equipment and tools
Verbal and written communication
Dish preparation
Cleaning and sanitizing methods
Experience
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Chef
 
11/2020
 
- 
Current
Cleaned, sanitized and maintained food storage, preparation and serving areas.
Instructed cooks and other workers in preparation, cooking, garnishing and presentation of food
Monitored quality, presentation and quantities of plated food across line.
Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.
Monitored kitchen area and staff to maintain overall safety and establish proper food handling techniques.
Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.
Implemented surface and equipment schedules and standards to maintain clean, neat and sanitized kitchen.
Checked stock deliveries for safety, quality and quantity.
Inspected freezers and refrigerators prior to each shift to check temperature levels and verify proper functionality.
Collaborated with department staff to prepare food items in accordance with recipes and established standards.
Supervised preparation of specialty items and customer requests to verify accuracy in production.
Oversaw hiring, training and development of kitchen employees.
Assigned specific duties to employees to maintain productive operation of kitchen and food service.
Talked to patrons about dietary issues and food allergies to prepare meals meeting individual needs.
Managed kitchen staff team and assigned various stages of food production.
Reduced food costs by estimating purchasing needs and buying through approved suppliers.
Supervised cooks and kitchen staff, providing direction in preparing specialty items and ethnic cuisine.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sous Chef
 
03/2017
 
- 
11/2020
Maintained highest food quality standards regarding food inventory procedures, food storage and rotation.
Trained kitchen workers on culinary techniques.
Assisted head chef with scheduling, training and professional development for team.
Supervised all kitchen food preparation in demanding, high-volume environment.
Performed as head chef as needed to maintain team productivity and restaurant quality.
Conducted daily line checks, food reviews and taste tests to make improvements and correct deficiencies.
Plated food according to restaurant artistic guidelines to promote attractive presentation.
Assessed inventory levels and placed orders to replenish goods before supplies depleted.
Helped staff adhere to tough restaurant requirements through practical discipline and motivation.
Directed staff in restaurant kitchen and field to maintain department objectives, standards, guidelines and budget.
Oversaw kitchen employee scheduling to meet all coverage needs and avoid wasted labor.
Maximized customer satisfaction and team operations by executing command-based structure and staff performance oversight.
Assisted with interviewing, hiring and training kitchen personnel.
Conducted frequent line checks to keep food at proper temperatures in holding zones.
Built strong vendor relationships to bring in top ingredients at optimal prices.
Streamlined kitchen processes to shorten wait times and serve additional guests.
Managed shift of 25-30 staff, including cooks, bakers, dishwashers and front of house team members.
Liaised with vendors to purchase optimal recipe ingredients at cost-effective rates.
Liaised closely with kitchen and other departments, including front-of-house personnel.
Improved performance of team members resulting in high-quality meals produced daily.
Company Name
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
Anthonys @ Point Defiance
 
06/2013
 
- 
07/2016
Operated fryers and grills according to instructions to maintain safety and food quality.
Sanitized food preparation areas, grills and equipment to avoid cross-contamination from raw items.
Kept stations stocked and ready for use to maximize productivity.
Followed proper food handling methods and maintained correct food temperature for high scores on health inspections.
Restocked food items throughout shift to prepare necessary ingredients for cooking and timely service.
Maintained hygienic kitchen by regularly mopping, disinfecting workspace and washing all utensils and glassware.Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.
Maintained consistent quality and high accuracy when preparing identical dishes every day.
Grilled and deep fried various foods from meats to potatoes.
Maintained safe operations of food prep equipment to reduce complications and retain safety procedures.
Assisted in preparation of menu items ranging from burgers to sandwiches.
Washed and peeled ingredients to prepare for different meals and recipes.
Precooked certain items during slow periods to reduce wait times during lunch and dinner rush.
Conducted daily inspections and maintained food sanitation and kitchen equipment safety reports.
Recorded and reported status of various ingredient stock levels to notify manager to reorder products.
Prepared dishes in fast-paced environment working with teammates to maintain high customer satisfaction rate.
Cooked multiple orders simultaneously during busy periods.
Supervised cooks and kitchen staff, providing direction in preparing specialty items and ethnic cuisine.
Mentored and trained staff by teaching cooking skills and kitchen maintenance, improving overall quality and performance.
Developed process to accurately track food costs more efficiently, saving in food waste.
Education and Training
Curtis Senior High School
 
| 
City
 
, 
State
 
High School Diploma
 
06/2004