ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT
Professional Summary
Highly motivated and enthusiastic individual with multiple years experience in both fast-paced office settings and on-site construction settings.
Resourceful, professional, hardworking team player offering expertise in various fields such as customer service, sales, clerical support, office
management, data entry, project management, inventory allocation, general construction labor, painting, residential cleaning, general landscaping,
customer relations, communications, and technical support. Self-motivated work ethic with the ability to perform effectively in independent or team
environments. Responsible, punctual, and productive professional with high attention to detail and strong organizational skills. Ability to handle
multiple projects simultaneously with a high degree of accuracy as well as anticipate professional needs and proactively identify and resolve
problems while boosting operational efficiency. Attentive and personable worker eager to learn and take on new challenges while maintaining
efficient and accurate operations.
Skills
Spreadsheet Management
Program Files Maintenance
Advanced MS Office Suite Knowledge
Customer & Client Relations
Multi-line Telephone Systems
Office & Team Management
AVImark Veterinary Software Knowledge
AutoCAD Software Knowledge
FoxitPDF Software Knowledge
Sales & Marketing
File Conversion & Sharing
Expense Reporting
Invoice Processing
Transcription & Dictation
90 WPM Typing Speed
Residential Painting & Preparation
Heavy Equipment Operations
Flooring Removal & Installation
Data Entry
Telemarketing
Billing & Collections
Cloud Database Management
Cash Register Operations
Inventory Management & Support
Contract Negotiations
Project Management
Business Correspondence
Contract Preparation
Recordkeeping
Purchase Order Preparation
Conference Planning
Work History
Administrative Assistant
 
04/2019
 
to 
11/2020
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Supported efficient Zoom & conference call meetings by organizing materials, documenting discussions and distributing meeting notes.
Developed and updated spreadsheets and databases to track, analyze, and report on performance, sales, and project data using MS Excel.
Managed company Cloud and Zoho databases for both international and domestic office locations, converting complex data into easy-to-
interpret data.
Sorted and distributed office mail and recorded incoming shipments for corporate records.
Processed invoices and expenses using MS Excel and FoxitPDF software to facilitate on-time payment.
Developed and updated record filing system on office servers to improve document organization and management.
Performed general office duties, including but not limited to handling inter-office and customer emails, sending and receiving faxes, answering
multi-line phone system & routing calls, delivering messages to staff, maintaining office petty cash and recording transactions, managing
payments and orders of all office bills and supplies, creating and updating physical records and digital files on office servers.
Maintained staff and customer directories and company policy handbook for human resources department using MS Publisher, MS Word.
Prepared and edited bid requests, proposals, purchase orders, project specs, transmittals, RFI's, extra work orders, and new work orders
for organizational and clerical support using MS Office programs.
Composed internal memos and external correspondence for senior management and reviewed all documentation to eliminate errors.
Successfully orchestrated and coordinated annual NISD conference meetings, including such responsibilities as booking conference location
and facilities, arranging travel and hotel accommodations for all speakers and attendees, assisting with development and production of
conference agenda, schedule, presentations, itinerary, ID badges, and conference welcome packages for all attendants.
Responded to emails and other correspondence, acting as liaison between overseas offices and subcontractors to facilitate communication
and enhance business processes.
Downloaded and distributed project and bid project files via FTP Sites and BOX file sharing.
Assisted with prospecting and securing new customers and projects.
Assisted with managing accounts payable and receivable as well as creating detailed expense reports for accounting department.
Cashier
 
12/2017
 
to 
08/2018
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Processed POS transactions, including checks, cash, EBT cards, and credit purchases or refunds.
Received, processed, and accurately prepared all food orders placed by customers.
Operated cash register for cash, check and credit card transactions with over 99% accuracy.
Counted, balanced, and accurately reported all cash and electronic transactions, accounting for errors and resolving discrepancies at
beginning and end of each shift.
Replenished sales floor merchandise and organized shelves, racks and bins for optimal appearance.Checked identification for proof-of-age and refusing alcohol and tobacco sales to underage customers.
Served needs of sometimes more than 
one dozen
 
customers in busy 
fast-paced environment
 .
Promoted customer loyalty and consistent sales by delivering friendly service and knowledgeable assistance.
Checked bills with counterfeit pens and examined coins to spot and refuse foreign currency.
Assisted customers in store and on phone by answering questions and fulfilling requests.
Processed packing slips and evaluated product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues, returning unacceptable materials to
vendors.
Maintained well-organized restocking areas, removing all empty pallets, boxes, and debris to avoid blocking aisles or creating safety
hazards.
Unloaded arriving stock and prepared merchandise for transfer to shelves by removing packing materials and applying identifying codes,
such as price or inventory control numbers.
Helped customers locate desired items and transfer oversized items to vehicles.
Performed inventory control, such as counting and stocking merchandise behind counter, in coolers, and on sales floor.
Worked additional shifts and night shifts at multiple store locations to support team members and inventory fulfillment goals.
Maintained clean work environment and kitchen area by sweeping, mopping, wiping down counters, washing used cookware, emptying
trash receptacles, and sweeping parking lot at end of each shift.
Maintained knowledge base of company pricing, special promotional discounts, products, and services.
Used downtimes to prepare ingredients, workstations, and restock supplies for expected busy periods.
Manager/General Construction Laborer
 
01/2015
 
to 
01/2018
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Worked with contractors and property owners to understand needs and provide excellent service.
Assisted with site inspections and homeowner orientations for new projects as well as evaluation and calculations of project bids.
Assisted with procurement of project materials following contractor's specifications and provided punch lists.
Efficiently prepared job sites by removing debris and setting up materials and tools.
Prepared and cleaned surfaces for rebuilding purposes by removing damaged tiles, bricks and mortar.
Interpreted job site supervisor's orders and technical documentation to complete accurate work.
Used required tools to complete jobs, including but not limited to hammers, saws, drills, grinders, squares, levels, screwdrivers, and
sanders.
Gained knowledge and experience in function and operation of both light and heavy machinery such as but not limited to Bobcats, air
compressors, generators, floor sanders, table saws, and jackhammers to safely move debris or materials and efficiently complete projects.
Responsible for prepping, sanding, priming, and painting cabinets, molding, trim, railings, doors, interior walls, and ceilings for each project
following requirements and guidelines provided by contractor.
Assisted with installation of new appliances, flooring, cabinetry, hardware, faucets, and fixtures as instructed by contractor.
Worked with speed and accuracy to consistently meet production standards.
Worked independently in fast-paced environment while meeting productivity and quality expectations.
Worked closely with project supervisor to maintain optimum levels of communication to effectively and efficiently complete projects.
Assisted crew members with complex tasks requiring close teamwork and coordination to meet quality specifications.
Closely followed instructions from contractors throughout duration of each project, maintaining safety and high standards of home
remodeling work.
Assisted with company exposure and advertising by creating and maintaining social media accounts along with design and distribution of
company's business cards.
Owner/Operator
 
01/2014
 
to 
01/2016
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Founded and managed cleaning business by applying marketing strategies to build company exposure, creating company portfolio and
building clientele, meeting customer needs and expectations by providing exemplary services and offering competitive pricing.
Managed day-to-day business operations, including finances and budgeting, advertising and public relations, prospecting for new clients,
project assessments and bids, maintaining supply levels, addressing customer questions and needs, and project labor and completion.
Boosted company exposure and sales through use of social media platforms and job search engines.
Scheduled appointments and consultations for new and existing clients.
Met with potential customers, provided walk-thru evaluations, and project quotes.
Created and applied contract templates for new project proposals and agreements to cater to each customer's individual and unique needs.
Provided additional "deep cleaning" services such as steam cleaning, laundry services, and pressure washing as needed upon customer's
requests.
Maintained up to date records of customer contact information and contracts to improve operations and maintain efficiency.
Implemented strong and time-efficient work ethic, providing dependable and reputable services to customers.
Education
Liberal Arts And Sciences
 
Jefferson State Community College
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Completed one year of studies maintaining 3.7 GPA, but did not obtain a degree.
Standard Diploma
 
: 
General Studies
 
05/2004
 
Springville High School
 
- 
City
 
, 
State