CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERING SUPERVISOR
Summary
Skilled security professional with 
20
 
years providing security services in federal buildings, corporate settings, apartment complexes, retail facilities
and construction sites.
Security Officer accomplished in securing and protecting governmental science and technology facilities. Brings techniques gained from a
background in law enforcement training.
Protective services professional with strong law enforcement background. Approaches each case with a high level of professionalism, offering each
case its proper due diligence.
Highlights
Â Department of State Secret Security Clearance
Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Â Natural leader
Â  Â  Â  Â  Â  Weapons training
First Aid training (
 2016
 )
Security personnel training
Windows Vista
Accomplishments
Awarded by management with 
several
 
official commendations for personal achievement and contributions to the team.
Promoted to 
Staff Supervisor
 Â after 
6
 
years of employment. 
Experience
Construction Engineering Supervisor
 
January 2012
 
to 
January 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised the construction, repair, and utility of buildings, warehouses, and fixed bridges, port facilities, and petroleum pipelines.
Read and interprets construction drawings.
Estimate material, time, labor, and equipment requirements.
Inspects structures and facilities to ensure compliance with specifications.
Combat Engineer
 
January 2000
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits.
Perform such tasks as making circuit analyzes, and tracing relationships in signal flow.
Use complex test instruments such as high frequency pulse generators, frequency synthesizers, distortion analyzers, and complex computer
control equipment.
Reads, interprets, and plots maps, overlays, and photos; develops and uses engineering tools.
Determines limiting slopes, curves, stream velocity, and gap widths.
Assembled structural parts and components to meet requirements for preserving structural integrity and low observable qualities, posted
entries and maintained maintenance and inspection records.
Provide the US Army with hands-on and over-the-shoulder radio and communications maintenance training utilizing Aero flex analyzers,
Fluke multi-meters, Bird watt meters, Marconi signal generators and BKP frequency counters, Boonton modulation meters and TEK 4ch
oscilloscopes.
Assist in developing communication system maintenance management and repair program Advise maintenance personnel on the basic and
intermediate maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and service of LMR HF/ VHF communications equipment.
Combat Engineer
 
January 1992
 
to 
January 2000
 
Company Name
Detailed understanding of the interrelationships of circuits.
Perform such tasks as making circuit analyzes, and tracing relationships in signal flow.
Use complex test instruments such as high frequency pulse generators, frequency synthesizers, distortion analyzers, and complex computer
control equipment.
Reads, interprets, and plots maps, overlays, and photos; develops and uses engineering tools.
Determines limiting slopes, curves, stream velocity, and gap widths.
Assembled structural parts and components to meet requirements for preserving structural integrity and low observable qualities, posted
entries and maintained maintenance and inspection records.
Provide the US Army with hands-on and over-the-shoulder radio and communications maintenance training utilizing Aero flex analyzers,
Fluke multi-meters, Bird watt meters, Marconi signal generators and BKP frequency counters, Boonton modulation meters and TEK 4ch
oscilloscopes.
Assist in developing communication system maintenance management and repair program Advise maintenance personnel on the basic and
intermediate maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and service of LMR HF/ VHF communications equipment.
Education
Diploma
 
: 
2001
 
University of 
*Strong Vincent HS
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Intermediate Electronic Principles, Keesler AFB, MS, 2010 *Telephone Central Office Repair, 1987 *HAZMAT Familiarization/Safety
Transport, 2007 *Forward Area Alerting Radar Repairer, 1990
Personal Information
Performed and supervised maintenance on manual, semiautomatic, and transportable communication systems. Excellent teaming skills Ability to
work independently and without direct supervision Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent organizational, administration, andcomputer skills (Microsoft Office Suite 2010). Able to show past pattern of success in influencing candidates to show interest in an organization.
Ability to evaluate process compliance, write/review CA/PA reports, perform root cause analysis and validate quality processes, responses, and
plans. Familiarity of ISO 9001:2008 & AS9100
Interests
Active DOD 
Secret clearance (12 Jan 2011) and current US passport. (20 Jan 2011) US Army 12B (Combat Engineer), US Army 12H
(Construction Engineering Supervisor) 24 years hands-on experience installing hardware and software programs to enable integrated
communication systems used to accommodate command, control, and information purposes. Subject Matter Expert (SME) at developing vertical,
road, bridges and airfield construction and rigging, bridging, and demolition activities. Experienced with electronic integrated communications, radar
and navigational systems. Working knowledge of Forward Area Targeting Systems, Target Alert Data Display Systems, and IFF. Experienced
utilizing TMDE equipment to include VOMs, oscilloscopes, AF/ RF generators, transceiver analyzers, frequency counters, FDRs, TDRs, SWR
meters and antenna analyzers. Experienced supervising personnel to complete mission. In-depth knowledge of electronic switching systems.
Experience with Special Test Equipment - Advanced Diagnostic Interface Tool (ADIT)[Portable Maintenance Aid (PMA-based)], Deployed
Automated Test Set (DATS), and BUS Interface Global Monitor and Control (BIGMAC)
Skills
Army, basic, bridges, inspection, Inspects, Marconi, Office, Radar, multi-meters, oscilloscopes, personnel, radio, Read, Safety, signal generators,
Telephone, troubleshooting, VHF
Additional Information
SUMMARY Active DOD 
Secret clearance (12 Jan 2011) and current US passport. (20 Jan 2011) US Army 12B (Combat Engineer), US
Army 12H (Construction Engineering Supervisor) 24 years hands-on experience installing hardware and software programs to enable
integrated communication systems used to accommodate command, control, and information purposes. Subject Matter Expert (SME) at
developing vertical, road, bridges and airfield construction and rigging, bridging, and demolition activities. Experienced with electronic
integrated communications, radar and navigational systems. Working knowledge of Forward Area Targeting Systems, Target Alert Data
Display Systems, and IFF. Experienced utilizing TMDE equipment to include VOMs, oscilloscopes, AF/ RF generators, transceiver
analyzers, frequency counters, FDRs, TDRs, SWR meters and antenna analyzers. Experienced supervising personnel to complete mission.
In-depth knowledge of electronic switching systems. Experience with Special Test Equipment - Advanced Diagnostic Interface Tool
(ADIT)[Portable Maintenance Aid (PMA-based)], Deployed Automated Test Set (DATS), and BUS Interface Global Monitor and
Control (BIGMAC) Performed and supervised maintenance on manual, semiautomatic, and transportable communication systems. Excellent
teaming skills Ability to work independently and without direct supervision Excellent written and verbal communication skills Excellent
organizational, administration, and computer skills (Microsoft Office Suite 2010). Able to show past pattern of success in influencing
candidates to show interest in an organization. Ability to evaluate process compliance, write/review CA/PA reports, perform root cause
analysis and validate quality processes, responses, and plans. Familiarity of ISO 9001:2008 & AS9100C aviation standards and practical
experience with Quality Management (QMS) internal audit processes. Experience in inspection of Aerospace Ground equipment
AGE/GSE; Hazardous Waste Management programs; tool & FOD industry standards; equipment calibration procedures; general security
procedures. Experienced in inspection of Aircraft ground handling/servicing; component removal/replacement; scheduled and unscheduled
maintenance; Time Compliance Technical Directives (TCTD) execution. Prepares quality documentation and reports by collecting,
analyzing, and summarizing information, and trends including failed process, recalls, corrective actions, and validations. Able to identify and
understand non-conformities, procedural breakdowns, and/or program (process) audits.
AWARDS AND ACCOMPLISHMENTS 3) Good Conduct medals 2) Achievement medals 4) Oversees Deployment ribbons F-22
oxygen sensor modification, 2012