DIRECTOR OF PUBLIC RELATIONS / ASSOCIATE ARTIST
Summary
Creative administrator and public relations coordinator offering administrative experience in both corporate and non-profit office environments.
Dedicated and focused, adept at completing multiple tasks simultaneously and following through to achieve project goals.
Highlights
Mastery of Microsoft Office programs (Word,
Excel)
Meticulous attention to detail
Windows, Mac OSX.
Business writing
Strong interpersonal skills
Understands grammar
Proofreading
Billing and coding
Proficiency in Outlook, Tessitura, Cision, Gorkana, Constant Contact
software.
Self-directed
Professional and mature
Resourceful
Meeting planning
Report writing
Schedule management
Experience
Director of Public Relations / Associate Artist
 
Oct 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Handled all media and public relations inquiries.
Extensive research and outreach to cultivate media connections.
Contacting media outlets, pitching interviews with company and cast members.
Writing and editing of press releases and promotional materials for productions.
Account Coordinator / Executive Assistant
 
Oct 2013
 
to 
Oct 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assistant to Senior Executive Vice President Marcia Horowitz, focus on crisis management
Extensive research and reporting - collecting daily media hits for clients and organizing them into reports
Easily managed busy phone and email traffic
Coordinated travel arrangements and expense billing for Ms. Horowitz
Arranged both in-house and off-site meetings, as well as catering if needed.
Keeping tabs on clients social media and web presence
Proofreading and editing of press releases and written statements to reporters
Interacting with members of the media on behalf of Ms. Horowitz.
Served as back-up for the assistants of Howard and Steven Rubenstein, President and Founder of the company.
Receptionist / Administrative Assistant
 
Jun 2012
 
to 
Oct 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as liasion for visitors (many high profile) with building security
Handled heavy phone, in-person, and email traffic.
Arranged catering for large events, including celebrity luncheons, board meetings, product testing, and employee training.
Coded to department, scanned, organized and sent company invoices (from all branches) to accounts payable.
Maintained extensive records for off-site inventory of company-wide filing and storage system.
Assistant Store Manager
 
Dec 2010
 
to 
Apr 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Started as Seasonal Sales in Washington DC, and worked way up to Assistant Store Manager of NYC Flagship
Generated impressive sales figures, we were regularly the top-selling store in the United States.
Communicated with customers, employees and other individuals to answer questions and explain information regarding product and sales.
Reported the store's financial performance every evening, in a report sent not only to US management, but to headquarters in London.
Reconciled and reported discrepancies found in records.
Trained new employees on brand focus and operations Implemented creative new displays
Worked alongside head of US PR in order to prepare for spring trunk shows, and arrange the loan of merchandise to magazines for
publicity.
Office Coordinator
 
May 2010
 
to 
Aug 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Served as first point of contact between instructors, parents and students for Duke University Summer Program
Managed the front desk, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Handled medical records, driver's log and vehicle check-out
Created a schedule for the airport pick-up and drop-off students in the program.Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Organized files, developed spreadsheets, faxed reports and scanned documents.
Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including email and mail.
Also served as class instructor, created a syllabus for and taught classes akin to an introductory Theatre class at the college level.
Made a semester's worth of lesson plans, exercises, rehearsals,performances, and presentations for a class of 18 students
Education
Master of Arts
 
2008
 
The Royal Central School of Speech and Drama
Writing for Stage and Broadcast Media London, United Kingdom
Worked independently with other graduate students across disciplines to create work for the prestigious Source Festival.
Interned for play development workshop 
The Fiend
 .
Specialized coursework geared towards copywriting, script reading, and development.
Bachelor of Science
 
2004
 
Skidmore College
 
GPA: 
Cum Laude Graduated with Departmental Honors
Theatre Saratoga Springs, New York, United States
Member of The Ad-Liberal Artists, Skidmore's finest (and only) improv team.
Multi-year participant in the National College Comedy Festival.
Graduated Cum Laude, with Departmental Honors
Interests
All aspects of theatre, especially performance and playwriting, volleyball, kayaking, music, reading, hiking, swimming, blogging
Skills
Accounts payable
Copywriting
Crisis management
Editing and proofreading
Research
Filing
Inventory
Mac, PC, Excel, Microsoft Office programs, Office, Outlook, Windows, Word
Organizing
Promotional materials
Additional Information
Interested in all aspects of theatre, especially performance and playwriting, volleyball, kayaking, music, reading, hiking, swimming, blogging