CONSULTANT
Summary
Business focused professional with a passion for healthcare and patients. Leverage experience and expertise to help 
businesses execute on their
strategic initiatives. Experience in managing experience design and human-centered focused 
projects, strategy planning, logistical planning and
execution, strategic change management, corporate communications, 
project management, and learning design. Known for an innate ability to
diagnose problems and develop creative 
solutions tailored for each organization. Extensive experience leading teams and developing team
members at varying 
levels in their career, as well as being able to work in complex organizations.
Experience
09/2015
 
to 
Current
Consultant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Most significant projects 
Â§ National Audit Firm - Led an experience design initiative to understand what people do, how they work 
and
the systems they use.
Showed leadership where gaps existed and how to close those gaps to increase 
productivity and foster positive working relationships
across the organization.
Managed an innovative and 
creative team as we used a user-centric design approach to gain a greater understanding of the major 
audiences
represented, and developed a plan to effectively roll out a new service desk to the organization.
Managed client relationship and responsible for final deliverable delivery.
National Healthcare Insurer - Led the corporate communications workstream.
Executed strategic 
communications activities to support of awareness and adoption of the upcoming implementation.
Created 
dynamic communications, thinking outside the box to promote the benefits of the new system in addition 
to the impact to the
organization and its customers.
Conducted pulse checks and executive interviews to 
understand level of involvement and stakeholder engagement, making adjustments
along the way as needed.
National Healthcare Insurer - Led an organizational change management assessment.
Met with executives 
and managers to understand organizational impacts of the upcoming change.
Provided a research-based 
analysis with recommended activities to support the upcoming multi-year roadmap.
Global Pharmaceutical Organization - Led the change management, communications, and project 
management work streams.
Developed a strategic change strategy coupled with a dynamic communications 
plan to target global audiences at various levels of maturity,
including the executive team.
Applied key 
messaging and organizational sponsorship to create awareness of the change and provide employees with 
resources to
understand why it was happening and the impact to them and the organization.
Leveraged 
surveys and in person interviews to take a pulse of the change, and made changes based on feedback.
02/2013
 
to 
08/2015
Senior Consultant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Most significant projects.
National Healthcare Provider - PM for Time and Capability Assessment.
Created and executed an activity 
survey for 60+ employees.
Developed and executed a skills assessment for the CFO and direct reports.
Managed the project work plan and supporting activities.
Provided an analytical based recommendation for 
a business partner model transition.
Regional Healthcare Provider - Managed the development and implementation of a strategic change 
management, communications, staffing,
and recruitment strategy for a re-organization under the CFO.
Supported the implementation for a Finance Business Partner Model throughout the organization with an 
aggressive transition timeline.
National Pharmacy - Change Management and Communications Site Lead for the Mid-Atlantic States 
during a Pharmacy transformation.
Planning, development, and management of a comprehensive national 
communications strategy across the organization.
Supported the internal communications team with ideas 
C.
Melnick Page 1 
and execution for patient communications.
Quantified training impact and tracked completion for 5k+ 
employees.
Supported go-live activities including daily communications to company c-suite, executive 
leadership, and impacted users.
Regional Healthcare Provider - Change Management and Communications lead during an Epic 
implementation spanning 5 locations across
a regional health system.
Supported executives, clinical staff, 
and physicians.
Created dynamic communications to promote engagement, awareness, and adoption.
Utilized metrics to understand readiness, impact, and adoption rates.
Organized unique training simulations 
to ensure everyone was ready and prepared for the new system on Day 1.
Global Pharmaceutical Organization - Training lead for global Workday implementation.
Created a training 
strategy capturing the needs of different cultures and maturity within the org.
Partnered with the global 
learning team to translate all materials into 9 languages and created a global train the trainer program that 
was self-
sustaining.
03/2010
 
to 
01/2013
HR Development Associate
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
HR Dashboard - creation and implementation.HR Dashboard - creation and implementation.
Project Manager for a team of 14.
Collaborated with 
corporate communications to develop and execute a communications plan.
Trained nine c-suite executive 
leaders on functionality and features.
Managed executive leadership relationships and acted as a conduit for 
the CHRO's vision of the tool 
Â§ Applicant Tracking System
selection and implementation - Project Manager for a team of 12.
Partnered 
with IT to create the project charter, requirements document, and project budget.
Created project 
organizational chart, risk and governance guidelines and escalation process.
Collaborated with HR, Finance, 
and IT leaders to gain executive approval.
Built and executed the implementation plan and roadmap.
Developed and executed the change management plan.
Partnered with L&D to create a training program.
Coordinated with IT developers to align and map key metrics with the HR Dashboard.
Borderless Forest, a flexible work program - development and implementation.
Created a flexible work 
program pilot.
Worked with c-suite executives and direct reports for buy-in and support.
Led the rollout of 
the pilot and collected feedback to review with the c-suite for overall program approval.
Developed and 
executed a change management and communications plan, collaborating with the communications team.
08/2000
 
to 
12/2007
Director of Business Development and Operations
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Business Development - Oversaw restaurant investment expansion from 3 to 90+ locations in three states 
over five years.
Took the business from red to black in less than one year.
Cultivated relationships with chefs, 
venture capitalists and vendors.
Provided expertise in the areas of FOH/BOH flow and design, marketing, 
menu development, staff selection, training, opening night launch
and post open follow-up.
Helped guide 
chefs and VCs on the importance of the overall experience of the customer and understanding how to keep 
people coming
back, it's more than just the food.
Operations - Ensured all IT, POS systems reported and captured metrics accurately and timely.
Forecasted 
and planned future events to ensure staffing, supplies, equipment and resources were appropriate and cost 
effective.
Managed office operations including ordered supplies, managed relationships with vendors, and 
negotiated new contracts.
Sourced and recruited over 450 employees for company office and restaurant 
division.
Education and Training
2010
Masters of Business Administration
 
: 
Marketing and Organizational Management
 
Baruch College, Zicklin School of Business
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Marketing and Organizational Management
2000
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Management and Justice Studies
 
Arizona State University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Business Management and Justice
Studies
2012
Prosci, Change Management Certification
2012
- Human Resource Certification Institute, Professional Human Resources (PHR)
Skills
go-live, approach, benefits, budget, Business Development, c, Change Management, change 
management, contracts, corporate communications,
client, delivery, features, Finance, Human Resource, Human Resources, HR, leadership, marketing, materials, messaging, office, organizational,
POS, program - development and implementation, project 
management, recruitment, research, staffing, strategy, strategic, surveys, trainer, unique,
vision