PASSENGER SERVICE AGENT
Career Overview
Customer support professional offering versatile communication skills. Proficiency in sales, problem resolution, ticketing experience and strong
client management experience. Positive individual, who readily adapts to change, works superbly independently and with others, is experienced
overseeing a team and exceeds expectations. Able to juggle multiple priorities and perform in fast settings without compromising quality of service.
Core Strengths
Excellent communication skills.
Highly skilled in interacting with clients and achieving customer satisfaction
as well as product sales.
Extensive knowledge of current Airport security rules and regulations.
Highly trained to work autonomously.
Expert knowledge of Airline softwares like Amadeus, Altea, Gaetan, Oscar
and some deltamatic.
Excelent knowledge of Computers and technology.
Creative problem solving
Courteous and professional demeanor
Energetic work attitude
Native speaker of Spanish and English, highly proficient
is spoken French
Accomplishments
I have received training and direction from many companies and from many Supervisors that i am able to put to use in everyday situations to
achieve a successful experience whether it be a business transaction or a simple encounter.
Work Experience
Passenger Service Agent
 
04/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
I am a lead agent on departure and arrivals of our flights, I am a highly skilled lead agent in flight monitoring as well as an experienced ticket
sales agent.
I take the initiative to handle passengers during flight disruptions, i provide superior customer service assistance, from re-booking to holtel
vouchers and the goal is always to retain them as a customer and maintain their positive outlook of our company.
I come up with ideas to help my team work smoothly together day to day, having an action plan is key.
I aim to ease the experience of flying for our customers.
I implement company policy, security requirements, check-in baggage, direct passengers to designated areas, provide necessary information
and handle massive crowds.
I dissolve potential uncomfortable situations for the client and maintain their satisfaction while still abiding by company regulations.
I handle passengers requiring special assistance (reduced mobility passengers, parents with infants).
As a senior lead agent i shadow and oversee newly trained agents to their roles, great communication is key.
Assistant Buyer
 
06/2007
 
to 
12/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Handled multifaceted clerical tasks (ex. data entry, filing, records management and billing) as the Assistant to the Apparel Buyer of the
chain.
Coordinated events, monitored the buyer's weekly schedule, made orders and monitored inventory databases and scheduled/ensured the
timely delivery of merchandise.
Oversaw and instructed 2 people to assist me with orders and communicating with the warehouse and directing the vendors through our
complex delivery process.
Noted and resolved errors, assisted with suggestions for store distribution based on sales reports, location and statistics.
Interacted with our top vendors at special events and maintained clear lines of communication with multiple departments of our company via
email/telephone etc.
Sales Associate Supervisor
 
07/2005
 
to 
06/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Trained and directed new personnel to operate the cash reigisters, scanners, and computers, store re-stocking, floor displays and daily
procedures in the stores' fast paced, busy environment.
Balanced cash registers at the end of each persons shift.
Courteously greeted clients and interacted with them, explained sales promotions and encourage special purchases.
Guided cashiers through returns and exchange processes as required.
Opened and closed the store on weekends to relive the manager.
Promoted to corporate office position stated above as Famous Horse Co.
Educational Background
Associate of Science
 
: 
Nursing
 
2013
 
Queensborough Community College
 
City
 
, 
State
Studied Nursing Education, Human Resources
Studied Psychology & Sociology; Human BehaviorsStudied Business and Computers
High School Diploma
 
: 
Business 
2007
 
Jonh Bowne High School
 
City
 
, 
State
Diploma with merits and regents endorsements
Qualifications
Excellent communication skills, Manages and dissolves conflict, Strong organizational skills, Easily adapts to a changing environment, Team player,
Clients relations, Can tolerate stress very well, Can contour and transition in any conversation, Strives to maintain quality service levels, Takes
criticism and direction well, Positively exudes her presence is a room, Participates well in public speaking, Easily conforms to new regulations and
rules, Can communicate professionally with others, Experienced in guiding a team, Motivated to achieve targets set, Appeases the attitude of
others positively, Focus on diverse responsibilities