PUBLIC RELATIONS LIAISON/SALES REPRESENTATIVE
Professional Summary
Driven and compassionate healthcare professional with 15 years hands-on experience in fast-paced corporate, medical facilities and hospital
environments. Versed in Employee Management and Leadership, Public Relations, Event Coordination and Management, Sales and Marketing,
Account Management, Business Relations, Office Management, Database Management, Public Speaking, Human Resources Professional and
Customer Service.
Skill Highlights
Staffing management ability
Proven patience and self-discipline
Motivation techniques specialist
Confident public speaker
Conflict resolution
Government relations knowledge
Personal and professional integrity
Sound decision making
Staff training and development
Effectively influences others
Cultural awareness and sensitivity
Critical thinking proficiency
Fundraising and major donor development
Relationship and team building
Professional Experience
Public Relations Liaison/Sales Representative
 
08/2014
 
to 
04/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for communications between medical professionals and health care organizations and their stakeholders.
Provide information to the public and build relationships with medical groups and government agencies such as Miami-Dade Fire
Department, Work Force, Miami-Dade Court House, South Dade Government Center, Miami-Dade Police Department, Miami-Dade
Public Library, Miami-Dade Public Schools including elementary, middle and high schools, Palmetto Bay City Hall and Mayor's Office,
Cutler Bay City Hall, Homestead City Hall, Florida City Mayor's Office, Perdue Medical Center, Jackson South Hospital, Healthsouth
Rehabilitation Center, Miami-Dade Blackpoint Water & Sewer, Turkey Point Power Plant, etc.
Aimed to build a greater understanding of health care issues to encourage the public to adopt healthier lifestyles.
Contacted potential customers at hospitals, clinics, doctors' offices, rehab facilities, and nursing homes to present medical products and
equipment.
Arrange appointments with doctors, pharmacists and hospital medical teams.
Deliver presentations to doctors, practice staff and nurses in GP surgeries, hospital doctors and pharmacists in the retail sector.
Build relationships with medical staff.
Perform product demonstrations, installations, and application support.
Improve product knowledge and techniques.
Travel throughout assigned territory to support physicians and staff with patient evaluation through the utilization of Millennium's medical
products.
Research competitors.
Gather, analyze and deliver information from the field to allow the company to develop strategies and products appropriated to the Quality
and Safety Testing market.
Coordinate all issues with key clients between sales, service, support, customer services, marketing and finance.
Take orders and disburse receipts.
Estimate time and date of delivery.
Help in the installation and set-up of equipment.
Stay informed about the activities of health services in a particular area.
Area Manager/Community Relations Coordinator
 
09/2009
 
to 
09/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
In charge of the operational activities, partnership development, community liaison and goal attainment within the assigned territory consisting
of Palmetto Bay, Cutler Bay, Goulds, and Perrine (Zone 1B).
Managing monthly goals through the community support of blood drives based.
All blood drives coordinated three months in advance to meet projected unit usage.
Analyze area demographics to ensure the projection accuracy per day is adequate for each blood drive based on the area's blood need.
Deferral percentage rate and donor population factored in to increase likelihood of success.
Foster good relationships with area groups as the community liaison.
Educate local contacts regarding Oneblood's mission and purpose of providing my assigned territory with a safe and robust blood supply.
Conduct presentations to large business groups and gatherings with the goal of instilling the giving mentality for them to donate blood.
Instructing the community on the importance of their blood donation for the purpose of saving lives, the pros and cons of giving blood,
specific area cases that their donation supported and other relevant information that motivates giving.
Attend and network at local community events to create new liaisons with organizations that do and may support our company.
Provide information to the public and build relationships with medical groups and government agencies such as Miami-Dade Fire
Department, Work Force, Miami-Dade Court House, South Dade Government Center, Miami-Dade Police Department, Miami-Dade
Public Library, Miami-Dade Public Schools including elementary, middle and high schools, Palmetto Bay City Hall and Mayor's Office,
Cutler Bay City Hall, Homestead City Hall, Florida City Mayor's Office, Perdue Medical Center, Jackson South Hospital, Healthsouth
Rehabilitation Center, Miami-Dade Blackpoint Water & Sewer, Turkey Point Power Plant, etc.
Create goodwill by helping the communities in my assigned territory through the coordination of food and toy drives for the underprivileged,disadvantaged and disabled.
Manager of Human Resources | Office Manager
 
01/2003
 
to 
01/2009
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Effectively managed Avisena's Human Resource operation such as performance reviews, employee retention programs, employee
compensation, disciplinary action, and terminations.
Actively maintained a pipeline of qualified candidates through an aggressive recruitment strategy, encompassing job postings, candidate
interviews, background checks, eligibility verification, and new hire orientations.
Drove the development of employee training, retention and recognition programs.
Responsible for analyzing payroll processing data for 300 employees in compliance with applicable wage and hour laws.
Education and Training
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Human Resources
 
2007
 
University of Miami
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
Skills
Sales Software: Salesforce.com, TapScan
Public Relations Software: Bacon's Mediasource, Factiva
Microsoft Office Suite: Outlook, MS Word, Excel, Powerpoint
Human Resources: EZ Labor Time and Attendance Software, ADP Payroll System, Great Plains Software