ENGINEERING ASSISTANT
Summary
Hard working recent graduate intending a part time or full time job to build experience in a Civil Engineering working environment. Bringing Civil
Engineering office and field experience in roadway design and traffic engineering.
Highlights
Proficient in computer software including MicroStation, GuideSign, AutoCAD, Google Earth Google Documents, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint
and MS Word.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Engineering Assistant
 
05/2013
 
to 
05/2014
Worked on Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) and Fairfax County Department of Transportation roadway projects in Virginia
and Washington DC area.
Worked with VDOT, FCDOT and Prime Consultants Engineers to prepare project documents including Plans, Special provisions and
Estimates.
Prepared roadway design for I-495 Express Lanes from Route 7 to Jones Branch Connector.
Worked on I-66 and State Route 50 to prepare project plans and contract documents.
Worked on County roads Route 643 and Route 645 in Fairfax County Roads in Fairfax County using VDOT Standard Specification and
Project Special Provisions.
Assisted Project Engineers to prepare project roadway design using AutoCAD and MicroStation.
Used Highway Capacity Manual to perform traffic analysis and evaluation of intersections and roadways using Highway Capacity Manual.
Performed peak and off-peak traffic counts at the intersections and roadway for traffic studies.
Designed project traffic signs, striping and marking.
Used FHWA Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices (MUTCD) and VDOT Supplement to 2009 MUTCD for the design, application,
and placement of Traffic Control Devices (including signs, signals, and pavement markings) along major highways in Virginia and
Washington DC areas.
Used engineering software GuideSign to prepare contract documents.
Prepared project estimates for submission used VDOT Standard Specifications and Weighted Average Price to prep Cost and Engineering
Estimates.
Designed roadways using VDOT Road Design Manual and FHWA roadway design manual.
Designed guardrails along I-66 and Rt.
50 using Guardrail Installation Training (GRIT) Manual.
Used VDOT 2012 CADD manual to design roadway using MicroStation software.
Used MicroStation and AutoCAD to develop plans for Civil Highway and Traffic Engineering Design.
Performed field survey to gather utilities, drainage and roadway information.
Performed marketing research for contracts and bids for the firm.
Attended project meetings with the Client's and Consulting Engineers.
Prepared meeting minutes for project record and filing.
Attended project status meetings, collaborated with the team members to meet project schedule and project completion within project
budget.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Medical Receptionist
 
07/2014
 
to 
Current
Creates detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures.
Assessed urgency and priorities before accepting or declining appointments and meetings with the CEO.
Screened all visitors and schedule them for Doctor's visit.
Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget.
Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.
Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages.
Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Teller
 
05/2011
 
to 
08/2012
Achieved working knowledge of accounting software packages including MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Word Skilled in verbal and
written communication plus strong quantitative and qualitative skills Respected for personal qualities, including accuracy, dependability,
efficiency, curiosity, and intelligence resulting in being elected as a leader in school roles Successfully opened and closed bank branch at
appropriate times Successfully kept drawer balanced at all times working full time five days a week Dealt with customer care on a daily
basis Responsible for handling cash drawers in balance at all times Skilled at interpersonal communications with proven record to build
harmonious relationships with diverse audiences.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Engineer Technician IV
 
12/2015
 
to 
Current
Collaborated with contractors and clients as the on-site engineer for several large public projects.Implemented complex design software and
drawing tools to plan and design transportation and hydraulic systems.Advised the project manager regarding construction material costs and
quantity calculations.
Carefully organized, analyzed and prepared technical data reports to ensure proper workflow and productivity.Created detailed CAD drawingsfor the engineering departments.Quickly learned SAP software and used it to receive, stock and expedite parts.Supplied production data to field
operators, technicians, engineers and supervisors.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Civil Engineer Civil
 
2014
 
George Mason University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.82
 
Civil Engineer GPA: 3.82 Graduated and
walked in Spring 2014, one summer class to receive degree in December 2014 
Civil engineering Courses: - Traffic Engineering - Transportation
Engineering - Highway Design and Construction - Structural Steel Design - Structural Analysis - 
Mechanics of Materials - Civil Engineering
Planning and Management - Land Development
Interests
Engineer-In-Training (EIT) Goal is to obtain Professional Engineering license.
Additional Information
LICENSE: Engineer-In-Training (EIT) Goal is to obtain Professional Engineering license.
Skills
accounting software, AutoCAD, balance, budget, capital expenditures, handling cash, Civil Engineering, interpersonal communications, Consulting,
contracts, prepare contract, Client, customer care, DC, Design and Construction, Engineering Design, expense reports, filing, marketing research,
Materials, meetings, MS Excel, office, MS PowerPoint, MS PowerPoint, MS Word, MicroStation, peak, Prime, project plans, Express,
recording, Specification, Transportation, utilities, written communication