INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING INTERN
Profile
Outstanding productivity as high potential project supervisor and design engineer. Solid analytic and communication skills to resolve complex
problems quickly and efficiently. Dynamic team leader with front-line experience in motivating team workers towards achieving specific goals.
Hands-on experience in data analysis, discrete event simulations, manufacturing processes, process improvement, machine shop practices, welding
and fabrication, and quality control. Exceptional project management skills utilizing customer commitment, team work, communication, planning
and organization to achieve excellence.
Skills
C#, ASP.NET, Visual Basic, Ms Visual Studio, Ms Office Suite (Word, Excel, Project, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook, Visio), Simulations using
Witness13 and SIMIO, ERP-SAP, SAS-STAT, AutoCAD
Accomplishments
Liaised with [group] to modify and improve overall product performance.
Eliminated machine defects through recommendation of machine adjustments.
Prepared plans and layouts for equipment or system arrangements and space allocation.
Prepared sheet metal fabrication drawings, modifications and commercial specification drawings in compliance with industry standards.
Met with customers to help design custom entertainment centers, china cabinets, mantels and kitchen cabinets for residential homes.
Supervised and directed over 25 employees on electronics designs that resulted in production yield improvement which later translated into
$200K in company revenue.
Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.
Created presentation materials for sales, customer relations and management purposes.
Tested equipment to ensure compliance.
Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.
Saved 14% on supply costs by working closely with suppliers to ensure components met department quality standards.
Performed data collection and statistical analysis that resulted in sound recommendations that were adopted by department.
Professional Experience
Industrial Engineering Intern
 
08/2014
 
to 
12/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Successfully re-designed and re-developed existing company labor system application using Visual Basic 6 that resulted in additional
functions that aid labor hours update and easy computation of staff payroll.
Performed on-site data collection, applied statistical techniques to process and analyze collected data and developed statistical distributions
that are applied to simulation models.
Assisted in creating and developing customized model, animations, and discrete event simulations and analysis using SIMIO for Salt Lake
City Airline project.
Industrial Engineer
 
01/2011
 
to 
01/2013
 
Company Name
Successfully redesigned equipment layout and process flow that reduced cycle time 13% and increased throughput using employee
feedback process design, visual management, 5S technique and cell technology.
Assisted in capital budgeting/return on investment (ROI) analysis and ensured program expenses are charged correctly and, researched and
provided reasons for any discrepancies.
Performed ergonomics assessments and made improvements on manufacturing methods to maintain a safe, less stress and productive work
environment.
Trained and guided technicians in lean and continuous process improvement methodologies including Kaizen, 5S, standardized work, line
balancing and value stream mapping in woodwork operations.
Industrial Engineer
 
01/2007
 
to 
12/2010
 
Company Name
Successfully revamped workstation layout, implemented ergonomic philosophy and 5S methodologies in equipment placing and material
handling to ensure stress minimization and safety.
This resulted in 24% reduced cycle time and 45% increased productivity.
Developed, executed and managed capital project plans related to new/existing manufacturing processes.
Conducted research and development investigations to develop and test new manufacturing equipment, processes and methods.
Successfully carried out new equipment/facility layout design and analysis ahead of schedule saving company $272,655.00 (N49.07M).
Improved work methods and maintained time standards using Methods Time Measurement (MTM), stopwatch time studies and work
sampling studies including standardized work.
Implemented process control plans by reducing non-value added activities within cell.
This led to 62% reduction in overall lead time.
Assisted with design of manufacturing systems, tools and fixtures per specifications resulting in 40% reduction in material loss and 90%
reduction in ergonomic related operator injuries.
Improved existing manufacturing procedures and developed new procedures for possible application to current production problems using
DMAIC, value stream mapping.Verified production operations and product quality with design specifications, established procedures and customer's requirements.
Performed monthly lean assessment and audits to ensure compliance.
Designed, implemented and documented standard work instructions (SWIs) and standard operating procedures (SOPs) for employees
about updated engineered standards.
Participated and supported company initiatives such as new product development, lean manufacturing and continuous process improvement.
Performed machine shop operations using manual and CNC lathe machines, boring machine, and grinders.
Manufacturing Quality Engineer
 
01/2005
 
to 
12/2006
 
Company Name
 
City
Performed inspections, checks, tests, and sampling procedures of incoming materials, sub assemblies or finished company products
according to standards and specifications, and documentation of results in NCR and QC reports.
Reduced quality issues by 25% during FY05 for critical machine components by developing root cause analysis and implementing
corrective/preventive actions (CAPA).
Conducted and documented process, environmental and quality control system audits and creation of audit finding reports using written
procedures, ISO 90001 and ISO 14001 as audit standards.
Education and Training
Master of Science
 
: 
Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering
 
December 2014
 
University of Texas Arlington
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 4.00 GPA:
3.92
 
Industrial and Manufacturing Engineering GPA: 4.00 GPA: 3.92
Bachelor of Engineering
 
: 
Materials and Metallurgical Engineering
 
June 2004
 
Federal University of Technology
 
State
 
Materials and Metallurgical
Engineering
CERTIFICATION PMI, Certified Project Management Professional (PMP) 
July 2013
Certifications
Lean Manufacturing Techniques, Six Sigma Methodology, Statistical Process Control, Earned Value Management Analysis, Continuous
Improvement Techniques, Cost Estimation and Project Feasibility Analysis, Inventory Control, Supply Chain and Logistics Management, Time and
Motion Studies, Safety Engineering (FTA, FMEA), Product 
Development and Design.
Interests
Member, Institute of Industrial Engineers. Member, Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society. Volunteer, Mission Arlington, Arlington, Texas.
Additional Information
HONORS AND ACTIVITIES G. T. Stevens, Jr. Alumni Scholarship Award, UT Arlington. 
April 2014 Alpha Pi Mu Industrial
Engineering Honor Society Award, UT Arlington. 
April 2014 Member, National Society of Black Engineers. Member, Institute of Industrial
Engineers. Member, Tau Beta Pi Engineering Honor Society. Volunteer, Mission Arlington, Arlington, Texas.
Skills
ASP.NET, AutoCAD, budgeting, CNC, Continuous Improvement, data collection, Product 
Development and Design, documentation, ERP,
grinders, Inventory Control, ISO, Languages, lathe, layout, layout design, Logistics, materials, Access, C#, Excel, Ms Office Suite, Outlook,
PowerPoint, Word, new product development, payroll, philosophy, process improvement, process design, processes, Project Management,
project plans, quality, quality control, research, Safety, SAP, SAS, simulation, Six Sigma, SQL, Statistical Process Control, Supply Chain, Visio,
Visual Basic, Visual Basic 6, Ms Visual Studio, written