BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT INTERN
Summary
Obtain a position in analytics or data science in which I can enable data-driven decision-making to help leaders solve problems.
Highlights
Proficient using Statistical Analysis Software (SAS), R, SAS Data Miner, SQL, Relational Databases, and Microsoft Office programs.
*Experienced in statistical analyses, sampling techniques, research design, C-level presentations, and professional writing skills.
Experience
Business Development Intern
 
05/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Enabled precision micro-targeting and bid optimization with Search Engine Marketing (SEM) at the zip-code level for AutoTrader's clients.
Used SAS and R to produce an interactive choropleth Google map that tracks page views, Sales, and Market Share of page views per
client, which identifies potential areas of opportunity for SEM marketing.
Haystak Digital Marketing, an AutoTrader company, estimates that the project will increase their revenues by $3.5 million annually.
Statistical Consultant
 
10/2012
 
to 
12/2012
 
Company Name
Used the correlation procedure in SAS to analyze Zillow.com data and housing attributes of 141 homes in the Virginia Highland community
to determine that Dekalb County's appraisals were faulty and not statistically sound, which led the residents to winning a case against the
county in court.
Statistical Consultant
 
05/2012
 
to 
01/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Performed statistical analysis on survey research concerning the educational preferences of students born post 1982 in comparison with
students of other age groups.
Found statistically significant differences in chosen majors of millenials to non-millenials and by race using the ANOVA and T-test
procedures in SAS.
Accomplishments Smart Search Engine Marketing" 
Summer 2013 Used SAS and R to analyze Sales, Vehicle Detail Page (VDP) counts,
Market Share of VDP counts, automotive brand, demographics, and geography by zip code.
This determined which zip codes to micro-target for Search Engine Marketing (SEM) with Haystak Digital Marketing, rather than marketing
solely based on a 10 mile distance of IP address from a dealership.
The project estimates to earn Haystak a potential of $3.5 million in annual revenues.
Using Logistic Regression to Determine Credit Scores" 
Spring 2013 Used the scoring, correlation, SQL, and logistic procedures of SAS
with a 2.5 million record dataset from Compucredit to produce a logistic regression model to classify consumers as "good" or "bad" credit
risks based on 16 significant predictors.
The model generates approximately $114k profit per 1,000 individuals scored.
Homelessness in Georgia" 
Fall 2012 Performed a multiple linear regression using the regression procedure in SAS to predict the counts of
homeless persons per county in Georgia.
Lottery Sales per Person" was found to be the most significant predictor.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Sociology Statistics
 
May 2013
 
Kennesaw State University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.45
 
GPA: 3.45 Sociology Statistics
Skills
automotive, C, com, Credit, client, clients, IP, marketing, Market, Microsoft Office programs, optimization, Page, predict, presentations, profit,
Relational Databases, research, research design, Sales, SAS, sound, SQL, Statistical Analysis, professional writing, zip
Additional Information
HONORS AND ACTIVITIES Eagle Scout, Boy Scouts of America President's List: 
Fall 2011, Fall 2012, Spring 2013 President, Alpha
Kappa Delta - Honor Society of Sociology, Spring 2013 Study Abroad Program to Paris and Romania, Summer 2011