CONSTRUCTION & RESIDENTIAL CLEANING
Professional Summary
Detail-oriented professional with strong technical skills and the ability to learn concepts quickly.
Core Qualifications
Detail oriented
Planning/coordinating
Team leadership
Courteous demeanor
Active listening skills
Inventory control familiarity
Engaging personality
Excellent multi-tasker
Fluent in Spanish
Decision making skills
Self-directed
Shipping and receiving
Safety-oriented
Production scheduling
Opening/closing procedures
Dependable and reliable
Reliable team worker
Neat, clean and professional appearance
Comfortable standing for long time periods
Interior and exterior cleaning
Restroom detailing
Chemical cleaning
Hardworking
Customer-service focused
Strong communication skills
Manufacturing background
Determined
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2013
 
Construction & Residential Cleaning 
City
 
, 
State
Cleaned all construction areas to avoid hazards.Continually cleaned work areas and equipment.Polished furniture and metal fixtures.Dusted and
mopped all hard surfaces.Cleaned Venetian blinds, including washing and vacuuming them.Scraped gum off of hard surfaces and carpet.Dusted
furniture, walls, machines and equipment.Traveled to and from work sites in a timely manner.Moved and carried equipment and furniture.Cleaned
and maintained bathrooms and showers and swept and mopped floors.Safely operated equipment such as vacuum cleaners, floor buffers and
carpet machines.
Company Name
 
May 2008
 
to 
October 2012
 
Store Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each customer. 
Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints.
Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received.
Reorganized the sales floor to meet company demands. 
Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling
cash receipts. 
Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. 
Completed a series of training sessions to
advance from Assistant Manager to Store Manager. Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies. 
Maintained daily record of all
transactions. 
Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. 
Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.
Contributed to merchandising ideas at team sale meetings.
Company Name
 
June 2000
 
to 
March 2008
 
Store Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
With CVS i started in the warehouse shipping items to stores and worked my way up in the company.. ...Selected products for specific routes
according to pick sheets. 
Unloaded, picked, staged and loaded products for shipping.Rotated stock by code and receiving date. 
Transported
goods from racks, shelves and vehicles.Banded, wrapped, packaged and cleaned equipment. 
Packed containers and re-packed damaged
containers. I then transfered to working in the stores in management position......Delivered excellent customer service by greeting and assisting each
customer. 
Addressed customer inquiries and resolved complaints. 
Stocked and restocked inventory when shipments were received. 
Reorganized
the sales floor to meet company demands. 
Directed and supervised employees engaged in sales, inventory-taking and reconciling cash receipts.
Determined staff promotions and demotions, and terminated employees when necessary. 
Completed a series of training sessions to advance from
Assistant Manager to Store Manager. 
Completed weekly schedules according to payroll policies. 
Trained all new managers on store procedures
and policies. 
Trained staff to deliver outstanding customer service. 
Worked closely with the district manager to formulate and build the store brand.
Contributed to merchandising ideas at team sale meetings.
Company Name
 
July 1993
 
to 
July 1999
 
Time Keeper / Shipping / Quality Control
 
City
 
, 
State
I put in the time for all the employees into the system and the duties performed on a daily basis...Helped achieve company goals by supporting
production workers. 
Maintained proper stock levels on a line. 
Developed production tracking and quality control systems, analyzing production,
quality control, maintenance and other operational reports, to detect production problems. 
Monitored and adjusted production processes or
equipment for quality and productivity. 
Calibrated or adjusted equipment to ensure quality production using tools such as calipers, micrometers,
height gauges, protractors and ring gauges. 
Started up and shut down processing equipment.Contacted customers prior to delivery to confirm and coordinate delivery times.Unloaded cargo from truck with hand trucks and pallet jacks.
Analyzed and interpreted blueprints, data and manuals to determine precise specifications. 
Inspected, tested and measured materials, products and
installations to spec. 
Handled, measured and mixed chemicals following prescribed methods and testing requirements.
Education
Bristol Eastern Adult ED
 
GED
 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
Great Customer Service
Work Well With Coworker's
Professional and friendly