OPERATIONAL CHEF
Professional Summary
[job title]
 
with more than 
[number]
 
years of experience planning, developing and implementing 
[program or process]
 
. 
Experienced manager with
excellent client and project management skills. Action-oriented with strong ability to communicate effectively with technology, executive, and
business audiences. 
Talented 
[job title]
 
with a strong background in 
[area]
 . Portfolio available at 
[URL]
 .
[Job Title]
 
with background as 
[Job Title 1]
 
and 
[Job Title 2]
 
looking to join a growing entrepreneurial organization as part of the Executive team. 
Core Qualifications
Results-oriented
Operations management
Client-focused
Excel in 
[areas of expertise]
Financial records and processing
Contract negotiation/review/drafting
Proficiency in 
[area]
Quick learner
Computer proficient
Reports generation and analysis
Contract auditing
Training and development
Change management
Change management
Personal Information
Place of Birth: Sheffield, UK
Date of Birth: 3rd of September, 1970
Present Resident in Berlin, Germany
Sex: Female
Status: Married with 1 child (age 4)
Hobbies: International Travel, Hiking, Tennis
Experience
Operational Chef 
January 1999
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Managed receipt, inventory, and storage of $121.8M in unit serialized equipment assets to include principal items from intermediate supply
sources using Oracle data base systems.
Supervised the accountability of all weapons and weapon systems in support of exercises and key deployments totaling $89M; additionally,
tracked all serial numbers through the embarkation process.
Managed and oversaw the comptroller fiscal year operational budgets for 115 unit offices and briefed the Commanding Officer on "End of
Year," 2012, 2013, and 2014 spending obligations in the total amount of $27.2M.
Supervised the quarterly inventories with all corresponding units to ensure accurate record managment was being conducted according to
published regulation accountability and attained a 99.89% during corporate inspections.
Developed an effective and time efficient disposal plan for unserviceable equipment and saved the government an excess of $1.4M in
reusable supplies from the Defense Reutilization Management Office(DRMO).
Served as the Authorizing Official for the Government Commercial Purchase Card (GCPC) program for all supply related open purchases
and government contracts totaling $1.3M.
Managed various Supply Distribution Warehouses in 10 different military bases both CONUS and OCONUS and supervised numerous
military personnel ensuring that supply tracking and deliveries were effectively being delivered within the customer timeline request.
Served as Battalion Equal Opportunity Representative and conducted 7 annual training, 5 new join classes, and BITS training for 254
personnel in the battalion.
Coordinated the transfer process of temporary loaned and unit owned equipment for numerous combat, field and disaster relief exercises.
Coordinated the supply logistics chain distribution of over 20,000 items valued at $42M to support and facilitate deployment programs.
Ensured equipment and parts were received and receipted in a timely manner in accordance with GPN guidelines which provided effective
supply support.
Served as the Equal Opportunity Representative conducting 12 annual training classes Managed the timely completion of three DoD direct
Statement of Budgetary Resources (SBR) Audit samplings of over 8.2 million of financial transactions for multiple appropriations for the
SMU.
Corrected 506 erroneous fiscal year records ,consisting of 800 single document transactions totaling over $375K in adjustments.
Supervised the execution of weekly supply, warehouse and embarkation training.
Classroom instruction ranged from basic safety to material handling procedures, resulting in 400 classroom hours.
Mentored and advised over 700 United States Marines on leadership, education, life, and combat skills, building confidence in their
personal and professional careers, setting future goals.
Served as the BN SACO, supervising 4 Command Directed urinalysis and counseled 10 Marines in Substance Abuse aftercare program
Effectively executed 2nd/3rd Qtr Budget of 194K for FY 10,obligating at 99.2%, ensuring all fiscal budget requirements were attained.
Coordinated and supervised upgrades of 35 facilities with the new "Marine Corps Recruiting" concept and inspected each location following
OSHA regulation, reporting discrepancies to Army Corps of Engineers.
Coordinated and supervised Statewide" pool function of over 500 participants and their families.
Ensured that all logistical support and safety was effectively executed.
Supervised district requirement of serviceability of 78 RS vehicles totaling 152K, and ensuring vehicle driver training and safety was
conducted, lowering driving accidents in FY10.Maintained service of 147 local telephone/86 cellular lines.
During district inspection, fiscal, supply, logistics and telephone sections were found "mission capable" with noteworthy accomplishment.
Drafted military and nonmilitary correspondence.
Developed and led training programs in preparation for combat.
Wrote office job descriptions and directives.
Education
Back 
Save & Next TERMS & CONDITIONS 
PRIVACY POLICY 
FEEDBACK 
CONTACT US POWERED BY 
Â© 2016, LiveCareer,
Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skills
Army, basic, budgets, Budget, concept, contracts, data base, driving, financial, Government, inspection, instruction, inventory, leadership, logistics,
managment, Office, weapons, Next, Oracle, personnel, Recruiting, reporting, requirement, safety, supervising 4, telephone, training programs,
upgrades, urinalysis
Additional Information
CHOOSE TEMPLATE 
BUILD YOUR RESUME 
FINALIZE 
DOWNLOAD 
Finalize Your Resume Templates 
Spelling 
Print 
Download
Email Resume Sections
Professional Affiliations
Member, Small Business Association (2008 - present) 
Member, Alumni Association