PROJECT ENGINEER & PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
I have a Construction Project Manager and Engineer with over 20 years of experience, including recent projects in commercial and multi
residential. Expert at problem-resolution and planning and managing projects from inception through completion. 
I am experienced in supervising
all levels of technicians, engineers, and craft and in building relationships with international teams of managers and staff. I have an excellent oral and
written communication skills. Also eleven years of comprehensive accounting, management experience, cross-trained in numerous accounting
functions, dealt with private companies. Areas of expertise comprise the following: *Excellent Communication Skill 
*Efficient Management and
Leadership ability 
*Effective budgeting and cost management of projects 
*Expertise with latest tools and techniques 
*Efficient planning and
coordination of activities *Effective quality checking of final deliveries *Excellent Time Management to finish the work scheduled on Time
Skills
Auto Cad
Quickens (included Quick Books), Timberland
Virtual Basic
MS Office 2003-2010 (Excel, Access, Word, Power Point)
Microsoft Project
Primavera P3, P6
Primavera Contract Management
Hold CIVIL ENGINEER LICENSE; Affiliated with the Chamber of Civil Engineering (Turkey).
Experience
Project Engineer & Project Manager
 
June 2006
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Established record of competence in professional roles requiring proficiencies in engineering and monitoring.
As a Civil Engineer/ Construction Engineer 
( DCHFA- DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA HOUSING FINANCE AGENCY,
WASHINGTON DC ), managed a 4500 affordable units in delivery of engineering services for complex projects ( Multi family ,
commercial and single family houses ); directed all preliminary studies/surveys, design/layout, and costing for projects - and contributed to
project presentations before, Procurement, Contract Coordination, and Construction through completion and start-up.
Produce on-the-spot engineering as required to complete the projects.
Design 
and review green building projects (LEED certified or Green Building Act) for additional platforms, routed air piping.
Revise CAD drawings for as-built status and AIA Contracts (A-201, A-211, A-111, A-101).
Assist with the preparation of written proposals and written responses to RFPs, RFQs for public and private sector projects.
Prepare preconstruction and construction scheduling.
Award bids, ordered equipment and materials, expediting and tracking shipments.
Check quality of final product and deliverables at each phase.
Prepare articles for activities, cost, and other things.
Completed projects with customer's satisfaction.
Review blue prints and design before development.
Handle team of workers and engineers.
Prepare equipment and instrumentation folders for one-source maintenance reference.
Prepare punch-list with scope, drawings, bill of material, and preliminary pricing.
Prepare weekly, bi-weekly and monthly construction meeting.
Prepare and revise monthly Requisition and Change Orders AIA Documents (G702, G703).
Certified AIA G704.
Construction Sr. Project Manager
 
January 1996
 
to 
January 2006
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
I review and ensure that the contract and regulations documents of projects are as per standards and do not violate any government or legal
regulations.
I managed and supervised a 25 members working in various constructions projects in the organization.
I efficiently managed more than 4 projects at a time and Coordinated construction activities all projects given to me effectively.
I also did budget analysis and cost analysis of all the projects given to me and scheduled all tasks and activities without foregoing quality to
keep the budget and cost under control which was well appreciated by the management.
Checked quality of final product and deliverables at each phase.
Prepared articles for activities, cost and other things.
Completed projects with customer's satisfaction.
Reviewed blue prints and design before development.
Handle 20 million dollar project in scheduled time period.
Handled team of workers and engineers.
Prepared punch-list with scope, drawings, bill of material, and preliminary pricing.
Prepared weekly, bi-weekly and monthly construction meeting.
Revised monthly Requisition and Change Orders AIA Documents (G702, G703, G701, G704).
Project Engineer
 
January 1989
 
to 
January 1990
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
CityManaged a 160-member unit in delivery of engineering services for complex projects ( hydroelectric facilities, waste water/ sewage plants,
subterranean tunneling, highways, etc.
directed all preliminary studies/surveys, design/layout, and costing for projects - and contributed to project presentations before
government/ World Bank officials.
Army Construction Officer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Managed and coordinated Turkish army and NATO projects for inspection and checked and complied all military construction codes for
those complex projects.
Education and Training
Diploma
 
: 
Civil Engineering
 
, 
1982
 
Electrical Engineering Technical High School Istanbul Technical University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
Turkey
 
Civil Engineering
Computer Information and Software, Old Dominion Information, Virginia,
 
: 
1997
(A++ Certification)
Certifications
OSHA training (10 & 30 Hours) *CPR & First Aid Training *Computer A+ & Networking Training *MS Office training (MS Project, Excel,
Word, Power Point, Access) *Primavera P3, P6 , Contract Management Training *Auto Cad & Turbo Cad Training
Personal Information
I am a US Citizen and willing to relocate /travel. I am also available for interviews and employment with notice.
Languages
Proficient in English and Turkish Languages; limited skills in Italian, Spanish, and Kurdish. 
Training & Certification
Skills
A+, AIA, army, AGENCY, Auto Cad, Basic, budget analysis, budget, bi, CAD, CIVIL ENGINEER, Civil Engineering, Contracts, Contract
Management, cost analysis, costing, CPR, DC, delivery, Engineer, English, FINANCE, First Aid, government, hydroelectric, inspection, Italian,
layout, legal, materials, Access, Excel, MS Office, Power Point, MS Project, Microsoft Project, Word, Networking, presentations, pricing,
Primavera, Procurement, proposals, quality, Quick Books, scheduling, Spanish, surveys, Turkish, written, articles
Additional Information
I am a US Citizen and willing to relocate /travel. I am also available for interviews and employment with notice.