SOFTWARE ENGINEERING ANALYST
Skills
Programming Languages: C, SQL, Python, R, Tableau 
developer 
Tools: HP ALM Quality center, HP QTP, MS office, Trello- Project
management tool, Streak CRM.
Accomplishments
Certifications: Coursera Introduction to interactive programming using Python,Rice University; Udemy certified SQL.
Experience
02/2017
 
to 
07/2017
Software Engineering Analyst
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Enactus chapter of Thapar University 
Founded project Soul of the clay as the team lead of Enactus to aid the artisans by up skilling them
with modern day 
techniques, thereby increasing the income of these artisans by 150%.
Executed project Naritva, where I along with my team implemented a socio-economic business model in order to 
improve women sanitation
in rural areas of India with motive to reduce diseases prevalent among rural women.
Executed project Jaivika to bolster farmers by setting up machinery to produce low cost manure from organic waste.
Student Alumni Interaction Cell - Administered alumni relations as a senior member in SAIC and held the responsibility of 
event
management in cultural events.
12/2016
 
to 
02/2017
Software Engineering Analyst
Project- Global Site System Services 
Delivered automation tools using HP Quick Test Professional and VB script to achieve 95 percent
test coverage and 
increase the efficiency of process by 25 percent.
12/2015
 
to 
11/2016
Associate Software Engineer
Project- Global Site System Services 
Worked as a part of quality assurance team for one of the leading Oil and Gas Company by functional
testing in a 
simulation lab to assure the smooth functioning of 300 sites across the globe.
Communicated with a team of business analysts in order to understand the business scenarios and draft test scenarios for 
application testing.
Education and Training
Present
Syracuse University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
June 2015
B.E
 
: 
Chemical Engineering
 
MS IM 
Thapar University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
India
 
Chemical Engineering 6.7/10
May 2011
Delhi Public School
 
Secured 86.8 percent in Class XII: Mathematics: 96/100, Physics: 81/100, Chemistry: 89/100, English- 91/100
Interests
Econ Club - Coordinated events like Economics quiz, Virtual Stock Market, Life size monopoly in economics festival.
Skills
automation tools, business processes, C, Chemistry, CRM, client, English, event management, functional, HP, image, team lead, machinery,
Mathematics, MS office, Oil, developer, Physics, Programming, progress, Project management, Python, QTP, Quick Test Professional, Quality,
quality assurance, simulation, SQL, Tableau, VB script
Additional Information
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION 
Accenture Outstanding Performer Award. 
Awarded Certificate of appreciation by Enactus India to
bring a change using entrepreneurial action. 
Awarded Certificate of appreciation by Thapar University to organize first economics festival of
the University.
Econ Club - Coordinated events like Economics quiz, Virtual Stock Market, Life size monopoly in economics festival.