SALES ASSOCIATE
Professional Profile
 
 Reliable Sales Associate experienced in retail sales, well trained in product placement and merchandising. Extensive experience in inventory
management and shipment processing. Knowledgeable of the fashion industry, including current trends. Enthusiastic, trustworthy and fashion-
savvy; with proficiency at building positive relationships with new and existing customers by offering superior customer service. I am
 Â proficient in
managing all areas of sales and customer service in fast-paced retail environments. Excellent multi-tasker, friendly, knowledgeable and persistent
team player, always pushing the people around me to do that extra step. Along with retail, I have worked in the culinary field as an important
aspect to the restaurant, being rewarded with promotions due to hard work and dedicated time.
Qualifications
Â Merchandising
Stocking
Retail Sales
Credit card Transactions
Meeting Sale Goals consistently
Documentation familiarity
Accurate money handling
Sales expertise
Customer orientedÂ 
Verbal/written communication
Active listening skills
Upselling
Strong interactive skills
Internet marketing
Social and new media
Point of Sale (POS) system operation
Passion for customer satisfactions
Â Cash register familiarity
Â Inventory control
Outgoing personality
Team-player mentalityÂ 
Experience
Sales Associate
 
01/2016
 
to 
05/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Priced merchandise, stocked shelves and took inventory.
Maintained established standards, including window, sales floor and promotional displays.
Operated cash register for cash and credit purchases.
Completed all point of sale opening and closing procedures, including counting contents of the register.
Educate customers of the brand to incite excitement about the company's missions and values.
Cleaned and organized the store
Met incoming customers and provided immediate assistance.
Retrieved alternate items and sizes on request.Â 
Hostess/Server
 
07/2015
 
to 
01/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Greet people
Take orders
Preform side jobs (ex:clean tables)
Answer phones and anywhere else I was needed by staff momentarily.
I was promoted from food runner to hostess and then to a server over the year I've worked there.
Listened to customer needs
Completed purchases with cash, credit and debit payment methods.
Trained new employees
Skillful on promoting food items
Sales Associate
 
05/2015
 
to 
11/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Increased purchase totals by recommending additional items.
Reviewed purchases for fraudulent activities.
Worked flexible schedule to accommodate changing customer levels.
Organized items in visually appealing manner.
Answered incoming telephone calls professionally with knowledgeable responses.
Developed and executed sales promotions.
Provided knowledge on product and service information.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of customer buying habits.
Crew Member/ Assistant
 
01/2013
 
to 
07/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Organize desks and work areas.
Inventory
Cut lawns, trim hedges, Blower work
Filing work and setting appointments
Using computer programming Excel to input management information
Listened to customer needs and preferences to provide accurate advice.Answered incoming telephone calls with professional and knowledgeable responses.
Maintained up-to-date knowledge of customer buying habits.
Education
Plantation High school
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Graduate in August of 2016
Affiliations
CPR & AED certified & SERVSAFE certified
Personal Information
I work very efficiently around people, or stressful situations. I am friendly and easy to get along with; I enjoy positive environments and I like
to add a positive tone to any surrounding environment. Authorized to work in the US for any employer.
Awarded in ServSafe 2015, passing the National Exam when the exam was provided to culinary students 3&4 at my school. I also
participate in the Culinary club from August 2014 to 2016. Along with the Key club from November 2015 to 2016 (Community service
club, working most of the time in no profit areas). Also joined a Fashionista from 2014-2016, group which we went to around to
organizations donating old clothes and accessories. After my extensive participation and planning I was promoted to President of the Club.
Skills
Cashier,
Filing,
Inventory,
Leadership qualities,
People skills,
Tables,
Team work,
Answering phones,
Good People Skills,
Lead by example mentality
Â Meeting Retail Goals efficiently.