JR PUBLISHER MANAGER
Summary
Media Buying and Optimization Since September 2011 I've started to work at advertising companies. At the beginning of my experience, I did
telemarketing activities that allowed me to promote and sell business' projects to potential and faithful customers. I began the major work
experience at a multinational corporation (in Milan). This gave me several concepts and procedures to plan client's digital advertising campaigns.
Customers I worked with were: Calvin Klein, 20th Century Fox, Luxottica, Paypal, Indesit, Panasonic, Pernod Ricard, Burberry, Fastweb,
Allianz. I worked as Digital Manager's assistant. In January 2014 I started to work at an Affiliation Marketing Agency. I scheduled email
marketing campaigns relating to several industries: finance, insurance, telco, travel, date, general products and services. I was in charge of the
following campaigns: Edenred, Poinx, Utet, Compara Meglio, Photobox, etc. I'm cheerful and determined person. Also I'm inquiring person and I
like knowing the news. I'm able to manage my work in orderly and precise way; I'm able to work in stressed situations and I respect fixed
deadlines. Career Objectives
Highlights
Driving license: 
B
Key skills:
Telemarketing
Web Marketing (Display advertising, DEM)
Knowledge of Microsoft and Office applications
Good knowledge about these advertising software: NetBox, AdRelevance, Nielsen Audiweb, Amnet platform
Good familiarity with devices (mobile, tablet)
Competitive analysis
Strategies and performance analysis
Experience
JR Publisher Manager
 
Jan 2014
 
to 
Mar 2014
 
Company Name
Company Website: http://www.clickpoint.com/it/ Clickpoint is a Digital Marketing Company that supports clients in getting the most from
their online campaigns in terms of Return on Investment.
Key responsibilities: Planning Direct Email Marketing campaigns Managing relationships with publishers in order to: define online campaigns
pipelines; give suggestions about the best campaigns suitable for the reference database; define remuneration models Managing DEM
campaigns on targeted databases (on behalf on advertisers) Monitoring and controlling DEM's previews: sending the kit with details
campaign; reception previews; customer approvals Marketing analysis about clients' performances Campaigns' optimization.
JR Digital Media Planner
 
Nov 2011
 
to 
Nov 2013
 
Company Name
Company Website: http://www.aegismedia.com/ Aegis Media is a multinational media agency that helps clients build consumer relationships
by communicating their products and brands effectively.
Its services include communications strategy through digital creative execution, media planning and buying, mobile applications, SEO, brand
tracking and marketing analytics.
Key responsibilities: Planning advertising campaigns on desktop and devices (mobile and tablet) Setting and data-mining of competition data
(target/product) Drafting proposals to plan the advertising spaces and budget allocation Elaboration of media plans Purchasing and booking
adv spaces with relative documentation Processing sheets of materials' technical specification for creative agencies Verifying the adv banner
accuracy Constant check on campaigns in progress Sending planned format screenshots to the customers in order to certify the online
Arranging a final report and a Post Evaluation (learnings and builds for future campaigns) Setting and proposing strategies for pre-campaign
phases Analysis and optimization of internal processes or client.
Business developer
 
Oct 2011
 
to 
Nov 2011
 
ART STUDIO 3 s.n.c.
Milan (ITALY) Company Website: http://www.artstudiotre.it/ Art Studio 3 is an Integrated Marketing Communication Agency.
It offer several services: creation/restyling of corporate image or product concept; artwork and copywriting; graphic design of logos and
brands; creations of advertising pages, brochures, catalogues, in-store elements, etc.; photographic services; public relations; studies of
packaging and merchandising; video productions and graphic animations; production of tv, radio and multimedia commercial contents;
conception and preparation of stands and show-rooms; design of fashion collections.
Key responsibilities: Acquisition of potential clients through the promotion of new creative projects Telemarketing activities to keeping the
faithful customers Preparing and sending presentations to the clients Customers portfolio management.
assistant of bank clerks
 
Jun 2006
 
to 
Jul 2006
 
Company Name
Banca Popolare di Milano).
Company Website: http://www.bpm.it/it-com.html Key responsibilities:.
Assistance to the heads of financial transactions (buying and selling government securities, bonds, mutual funds, etc.).
Acquisition of knowledge about the roles and working dynamics within the financial department.Education
Master
 
, 
Digital & Social Media Marketing
 
May 2014
 
underway 
Digital-Coach Institute
 
Digital & Social Media Marketing
Diploma
 
, 
Accounting, Commercial and Coder
 
June 2007
 
Accounting, Commercial and Coder
ECDL European Computer Driving Licence Certificate
 
June 2007
Istituto Tecnico Commerciale G. Maggiolini - Milan (ITALY) Occupational skills covered: Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science
Qualifications December 2013 
Waystage 3 Certificate - English Language 
June 2007
Degree
 
, 
Advertising and Public Relations
 
July 2011
 
Advertising and Public Relations
DIGITAL: SEO, SEM & Display Advertising, Web Analytics; E-Commerce, Mobile & Social Commerce, Email Marketing, Facebook
Marketing; Inbound Marketing & Lead Generation, Online & Offline Strategies integration
Languages
Italian Languages: 
Italian (mother tongue) 
English (intermediate) 
Spanish (moderate)
Interests
Gym, Skiing, Travel, Dance
Personal Information
Skype: 
ale.deiulii Date of Birth: 
2 August 1988
Additional Information
Skype: 
ale.deiulii Date of Birth: 
2 August 1988
Personal Interests Interests: Gym, Skiing, Travel, Dance
Skills
Acquisitions, Advertising, advertising (copy, ART, art direction, Agency, bonds, Branding, brochures, budget, c, Driving license, com,
Competitive analysis, concept, copywriting, corporate communications, client, clients, data-mining, databases, database, documentation, Drafting,
Driving, E-Commerce, Economics, Email, English, fashion, fast, financial, funds, government, graphic design, graphic, html, http, image, Italian,
logos, Managing, Marketing analysis, market research, marketing, Marketing Communication, materials, Mathematics, media planning and buying,
media plans, merchandising, Office applications, multimedia, optimization, packaging, performance analysis, presentations, PR, processes,
progress, promotion, proposals, Public relations, Purchasing, radio, reception, Recruitment, selling, securities, Spanish, specification, speech,
statistics, strategy, Telemarketing, tv, Video, Website, Web Marketing, written