CO-OWNER/MANAGER/ CHEF
Professional Summary
Thank you in advance for allowing me to respond to this amazing opportunity. Creative, motivated and relationship-oriented individual who enjoys
empowering others to reach personal and business goals. Works well in an environment that emphasizes creativity, autonomy, and decision-
making. Possesses the ability to organize, plan and execute ideas from conception to completion. 
Utilizes a unique blend of strengths from artistic
to communicative to fulfill any position, powerfully. 
Organizations Communities for All Ages - a non-profit, Weed & Seed initiative that provides
intergenerational strategies for community building. Resulting in expanded social networks, increased civic engagement and leadership among
multiple generations. This organization allowed for me to learn the art of alliance building. 
We chose those alliances that possessed strong
leadership practices. I am a part of a mentorship program through this organization. Proactive media and communications professional with
[Number]
 
years in internal and external communications, social media, blogging and editorial media relations. Strategic Marketing and
Communications Consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding. Possesses a strong work ethic, as well as exceptional writing,
editing and research skills. Strategic Marketing and Communications Consultant with a firm grasp of corporate messaging and branding. Possesses
a strong work ethic, as well as exceptional writing, editing and research skills. 
[Job Title]
 
with strengths in special events and promotion planning.
Frequently attends marketing seminars and conducts outside research to stay current with market trends and consumer needs.
Skills
Work History
Co-Owner/Manager/ Chef
 
April 2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Managed all aspects of operation in a restaurant specializing in homemade, delicatessen and bistro cuisine.
Created all menu and invented signature specialty items fresh, daily.
Ordered all produce, meat and beverage products.
Maintained healthy, working relationships with food and beverage suppliers.
Coordinated all in-house catering events.
Staffed, scheduled and trained all restaurant personnel.
Accounting: 
business sales tax, payroll, accounts receivable/payable, P & L.
Maintained outstanding Coconino County Health Department and Flagstaff Fire Department approval ratings throughout entire business
ownership.
Assumed charitable sponsorships yearly for many community organizations and Flagstaff schools and Northern Arizona University.
Instructed cooking classes for private groups by appointment.
Recognized by Yelp as a top-rated Flagstaff eating destination for breakfast and lunch.
AmigosNAZ, Bilingual Magazine Featuring News - present, Northern AZ.
Arts & Entertainment: 
Contributing eporter The Noise, Monthly Arts & Entertainment Publication Freelance Columnist: Business Profiles.
Executive Assistant/Office Manager
 
April 2008
 
to 
August 2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Manage all office operations in a criminal law firm.
Prepare and draft legal documents for Justice, Municipal and Superior Courts, opposing counsel and other specialized groups.
Coordinate all travel arrangements for all business conferences.
Handle necessary scheduling for appointments, hearings, telephonic conferencing and defendant/witness interviewing.
Organize, disseminate, and archive case discovery information.
Research case information, access public records via legal library and Internet.
Maintain regular correspondence between Public Defenders' Offices in Coconino and Yavapai Counties.
Release press information regarding higher profile cases.
Troubleshoot problems involving the actual mechanics of the business.
Handle and document all financial transactions: 
billing and receiving.
Interview potential clients through initial intake reporting.
Owner/ Interior Designer
 
June 2004
 
to 
December 2007
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Managed all aspects of a Mexican Import & Antiques Gallery.
Ordered all inventory through various suppliers located in the southwestern U.S., Mexico, Central and South America, archived artisan files,
as well as customer listings and desired inventory requests.
Accounting: 
business sales tax, inventory, accounts receivable/payable.
Created all marketing and promotional advertising for mixed media.
Provided interior design ideas with unique imported merchandise: 
furniture accessories and textiles, offered in-home consultation and design
layout.
Assumed Charitable/Voluntary sponsorships for many Latino and community organizations.
Organized 'live' demonstrations with artists represented in the store.
Owner/Manager/Head Chef
 
June 1991
 
to 
April 2008
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Managed all aspects of operation in a restaurant specializing in homemade New Mexican cuisine.Created all menu items and invented signature specialty items fresh, daily.
Ordered all produce, meat and beverage products.
Maintained healthy, working relationships with over a dozen suppliers.
Organized and scheduled all in-house catering events.
Staffed, scheduled and trained all restaurant personnel.
Accounting: 
business sales tax, payroll, accounts receivable/payable, P & L.
Maintained outstanding Coconino County Health Department approval ratings throughout entire business ownership.
Maintained approved environment regulated by Flagstaff Fire Department and Arizona State Liquor Departments.
Assumed charitable sponsorships yearly for many community organizations and Flagstaff schools and Northern Arizona University.
Instructed cooking classes for private groups by appointment.
Human Resources Recruiter & Training Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Responsible for hiring and training for an Inc.
500 marketing research firm for radio and television all levels of administration, and telecommunications center; over 250 employees.
Created and developed copy for standard operating procedures manual provided for all telephone interviewing staff, updated company
policy manuals.
Presented at citywide job fairs to recruit marketing, administrative and executive staff.
Provided oral presentation/instruction on the various methods and levels of telephonic research interviewing.
Supervised designated telephonic research groups randomly to assure quality control and training comprehension.
Coordinate all company functions: 
entertainment and holiday events.
Created incentive programs for Strategic staff.
Coordinate travel arrangements and reserve conference/hotel centers for large focus groups regarding format changes and or demographic
changes: 
oral presentation and instruction, in various client cities.
Reviewed and interpreted data/findings on certain undisclosed projects to provide oral explanation and in-depth analysis to upper level
researchers.
Investigative News Reporter/Producer/Classical Music Announcer
 
January 1984
 
to 
December 1988
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
88.7 FM Classical Music Announcer, Broadcast Journalist Responsible for on-air classical music announcing, including but not limited to:
researching composers, musicians, titles, and information and fielding all calls from listeners wanting music/program information.
Production of public service and Northern Arizona University promotional announcements, maintaining shift logs, documenting promos,
emergency broadcast testing and programming satellite feeds.
Assisted in organizing, scheduling and soliciting meals for volunteers during fall and spring membership pledge drives.
Investigated, created copy and produced stories for air.
Produced and co-produced 'local' stories for National Public Radio, Minnesota Public Radio and Alaska Public Radio.
Stringer' reporter for Associated Press and United Press International wire feeds.
Education
Northern Arizona University
 
1987
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Communications Broadcast Journalism
Telecommunications Emphasis Broadcast Journalism Political Science
Minor in 
[Name of minor]
Political Science
Member of 
[Club Name]
 
Club
Recipient of 
[Scholarship Name]
 
Scholarship
Continuing education in 
[Topic]
Skills
PC, IMAC, Windows XP, Vista, Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe, Amicus Attorney, Internet resourcing, Social media: 
Facebook, Twitter,
Instagram, PowerPoint, POS, QuickBooks.
Additional Information
I would like to continue the tradition of advocacy and commitment to youth through your GeoFORCE program. 
I find your Coordinator
opportunity to be incredibly fresh, motivating and inevitably- rewarding. 
Please review my resume at your leisure. 
It would be an honor to
be part of your program and even more of an honor to work with your kids. Thank you again for your consideration. 
I look forward to an
interview at your convenience. Sincerely,
The Good Neighbor Coalition and Southside Community Association - In partnering with the residents, merchants, Councilmen, Mayor of
Flagstaff, Flagstaff Police Department, the NAU Police, Residence Life, Greek societies-We drew recognition and promotion of
multicultural enrichment through these partnerships, education and proactive leadership through the coordination of outreach efforts. 
Through
combined efforts with Murdoch Community Center, Americorp, and the Flagstaff Public School District, we have kept our youth engaged in
the renaissance of several of the city's "blighted" areas. Friends of Flagstaff Future- Board of Directors, an organization founded to help the
city of Flagstaff thrive through responsible growth and environmental sustainability. 
F-cubed as the group is known also partners with Lowell
Observatory for a series of educational events bringing astronomical sciences to the public. 
Learning under the stars. Theatrikos Theater
Company Doris Harper- White Community Playhouse- Board of Directors a leading arts organization in Northern Arizona, offering high-quality live theatrical productions and educational opportunities, utilizing a diverse base of talent which represents and reflects the community
at large. Through diligent 
fundraising we were able to expand youth workshops 
and bring comedy, music and other 
creative 
repertoire to the
community. Flagstaff Nuestras RaÃ​ces, which is dedicated to promoting and preserving Hispanic culture and history through events,
gatherings, the performing, visual arts and sciences. The organization draws on the Arizona Hispanic family stories, history, traditions and
talents as tools for cultural transmission. 
Through my affiliation with this organization I have learned much in the way of humility,
perseverance and loyalty to my heritage and to Latino youth.
Arizona Broadcasters Association Scholarship, Arizona Press Club Scholarship, College of Creative and Communication Arts
/Telecommunications Scholarships, SPJ-SDX; Society of Professional Journalist-Sigma Delta Chi, AE RHO; Professional Honorary
Broadcasters Fraternity, Honorary Student Delegate Telecommunications Faculty Board.