TELEPHONE INTERVIEWER
Summary
Organized, task oriented professional with experience in customer support. 
Background includes skilled active listener, strong customer service
experience and ability to respond to the end-user in a business professional manner. 
I am highly effective in using technical domain knowledge.
Self-starter committed to taking ownership and capable of completing assigned projects 
independently and in a team environment.
Highlights
Data Entry
Data Serve
Ibex
10 keying
Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Outlook
Office Equipment
Administrative Services
Google Mail
Accounts payable and receivable
Customer Service
Inbound and outbound calls
PC and MAC OS
Microsoft Word
1
Experience
04/2013
 
- 
Current
Company Name
 
Telephone Interviewer
The National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) is the statistical and data collection arm of the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA).
More than 300 official reports issued by NASS help maintain an orderly association among the output, supply and marketing sectors in
agriculture.
Performs telephone interviews for a wide variety surveys and censuses.
Telephones respondents and explains the purpose of survey or census to gain cooperation.
Obtains and records data on a survey instrument.
Reviews information for completeness, edits and assist in the clerical processing of the collected information.
Migrated thousands documents into ECM (Enterprise Content Management System) in an effort to sunset legacy Intranet Server into a
SharePoint environment.
This included reviewing & categorizing each document, applying metadata, and then, publishing the document for internal agency viewing.
What is a SharePoint site.
A SharePoint site is a Web site that provides a central storage and collaboration space for documents, information, and ideas.
A SharePoint site is a tool for collaboration, just like a telephone is a tool for communication, or a meeting is a tool for decision making.
A SharePoint site helps groups of people (whether work teams or social groups) share information and work together.
For example, a SharePoint site can help you: Coordinate projects, calendars, and schedules.
Discuss ideas and review documents or proposals.
Share information and keep in touch with other people.
05/2011
 
- 
12/2012
Customer Service Representative
Credit Control, LLC provides custom, performance-driven receivables management services to over 450 clients.
Handled customer questions, complaints, and billing inquiries.
Skilled in resolving customer issues with one call resolution, Proactively offered alternative solutions where appropriate with the objective of
retaining customer's business Managed business transactions in connection with activation of new customer accounts on a computer terminal
and communicate with customers and Frequently made financial decisions to protect/collect revenues and adjusts customer accounts.
10/2010
 
- 
05/2011
Company Name
 
Sales Executive
is one of the world's leading media and entertainment companies.
It serves 150 cities through 850 owned radio stations in the U.S., as well as more than 140 stations in globally.
Securely acquired potential client information to establish new internet service.
Monitored and reported on sales activities and followed up for management Advised customers on forthcoming product, developments and
discussed special promotions.
Reviewed own sales performance, aimed to meet or exceed targets, plan and carry out all sales activities on assigned accounts and areas
and was also responsible for ensuring customer satisfaction and managing quality of product and service delivery.
12/2008
 
- 
11/2010Company Name
 
Stocking Associate
Walmart is a global retailer of stores, online and through their mobile devices; servicing more than 245 million customers weekly in 10
countries and fiscal sales of approximately $473 billion.
Walmart employs 2.2 million associates worldwide.
Received material into the store, prepared it for the store shelves, checked deliveries for accuracy, verifying that quantities received matched
bills of lading, purchase orders and other documents.
Organized the stock room to ensure accurate labeling, logical placement, neat arrangement.
Cleanliness, decreased store shrinkage by researching inventory discrepancies, and reporting suspicious activities to loss prevention
specialists, maintained ongoing and proactive communication with key partners about new arrivals, order overages/shortages, and delivery
delays.
Education
2012
Gateway Institute of Technology
 
High School Diploma
St. Louis Community College
Skills
Accounts payable, Administrative, agency, billing, clerical, Content Management, Credit, client, clients, customer satisfaction, Customer Service,
data collection, Data Entry, decision making, delivery, financial, inventory, loss prevention, MAC OS, managing, marketing, Microsoft Excel, Mail,
Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, neat, Enterprise, Office Equipment, proposals, quality, radio, reporting, researching, sales, Statistics,
telephone, Telephones, Web site