STORE CHEF
Executive Profile
Restaurant Professional Executive Chef /Sous Chef /Chef Manager Position 
Proponent Leader in Healthy Cuisine and Passionate Food - Service.
Star 4 Diamond Resorts Hotels Spa Country Club 
Customer Service / Team Educator / Multi - Unit Manager.
Skill Highlights
Leadership/communication skills
Budgeting expertise
Employee relations
Human resources
New product delivery
Negotiations expert
Core Accomplishments
dining clients Kroger's Supermarket Nutritional menu development and recipe analysis for improved health results for long-term stay guests
Developed chef training programs teaching healthy cooking techniques, health-promoting ingredient selection and how to build the
foundations of a healthy lifestyle 1 of 7 Image Options.
Professional Experience
April 2014
 
to 
Current
Store Chef
Duties including menu development one on one consultation with customer designing menus, as well as work scheduling, complete budget
for bistro food outlet.
On and off campus Catering.
Successful menu development and execution for clientele, resulting in 20% business increase over 6 month prior emphasis on 
- light fare
highlighting locally grown ingredients and regional flavors.
Implement staff training program, including task competency indexing for increased labor efficiency, flavor development cooking techniques
and food presentation concepts.
Inventory handling, management and rotation in accordance with HACCP, food cost controls and food quality standards.
July 2013
 
to 
January 2014
Company Name
 
Executive Chef
Delivers strong operational performance by executing against Sodexo and regulatory agency standards and programs, continually monitoring
operations, and completing assessments and necessary action plans to provide optimal food quality and meal service.
Drives customer satisfaction, and maintains client relationships through rounding.
Ensures compliance to food safety, sanitation, and overall workplace safety standards.
Supervises, staffs, trains, conducts applicable rounding and manages the performance of the department to include the Food Service
Supervisors and/or front line staff regarding food presentation, quality, cost control and food safety and sanitation.
Manages and controls resources and materials to ensure quality, adequacy of supply and cost control within budgetary guidelines.
Responsible for managing the process of purchasing, receiving, scheduling, inventory control and managing food production activities in
compliance with Sodexo food production systems.
Assist in menu planning, pre-costing and post-costing.
May 2005
 
to 
January 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Executive Chef/ Food service Manager
Premium menu design, recipe development culinary education for kitchen staff out lining events, live cooking demonstrations.
Pairing events and upscale private catering functions for Doctor and Executive broad Culinary nutrition consultant for health improvement
results for all Patient and staff.
Successful design and implementation of menu, that promotes conscious cuisine standards, in culinary.
Help development nutritional standards all food outlets.
High positive guest feedback surveys and 65% sales increase over 5-year period.
Implemented purchasing protocol and procedures, resulting in securing competitive pricing from purveyors.
Aggressively fought waste and promoted cross-utilization to consistently maintain food cost below budget of 27% by 1 - 2.5 percentage
points.
Positive write-ups from Kindred Magazine 
and Tucson 
newspapers 
for Outstanding, clean kitchen outlets by, Arizona health department.
Development, and enforcement of Standards and Procedures Handbook for service and production, resulting in consistent standard task
execution by team members and 20% reduction of labor costs over 5-year period since implementing program.
Budget development with financial benchmarking experience and contingency planning for preventing business and profit loss, daily metrics
analysis with financial team, including revenue-labor cost and guest satisfaction management.
November 2001
 
to 
April 2005
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Executive Sous Chef
Successful assist in direction of $1.5 million renovation of dining facilities and kitchens, including four 
restaurant, Culinary Learning Center,
bistro, retail space and stations buffet.
Budget development and forecasting with focus on lean management through staff cross training and shifting manpower across Food andBeverage areas according to business requirements.
Education
1991
Sullivan College and the National Center for Hospitality
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Culinary Arts Management
 
Associate Degree
 
Culinary Arts Management
Diploma
Professional Cook Honors in: Educational Foundation - National Restaurant Association Certification Serve Safe Certification
Interests
Chefs Collaborative Member Alumni Association of Sullivan University Spotlight
Personal Information
Recolor No Recolor Adjustments Transparency Brightness Contrast Reset adjustments Close preview Print Recolor No Recolor Adjustments
Transparency Brightness Contrast Reset adjustments Close preview Print
Additional Information
Chefs Collaborative Member Alumni Association of Sullivan University Spotlight Gourmet Magazine ( 1996) Traveler top ten Spas (1997)
Miraval Resort ( 1997) Bon Appetit 
Best of the year (1997) Food & Wine ( 1997) Recolor No Recolor Adjustments Transparency
Brightness Contrast Reset adjustments Close preview Print Recolor No Recolor Adjustments Transparency Brightness Contrast Reset
adjustments Close preview Print
Skills
agency, benchmarking, Budget development, budget, competitive, Concept, consultant, consultation, cooking, cost control, clientele, client,
customer satisfaction, designing, direction, Event planning, financial, focus, forecasting, indexing, Inventory, inventory control, management skills,
managing, materials, newspapers, pricing, profit, public speaker, purchasing, quality, receiving, Retail, safety, sales, scheduling, staff training