WRITER
Summary
I am seeking an oppurtunity to give me the experience I would need to obtain a highly rewarding job in the film and documentary field. I want to
work in an intellectually stimulating environment whilst being challenged and improving upon the skills necessary to move up in the professional
world. A skilled student with experience working production and photography for a small business, holding leadership positions, and organizing
events within small communities; providing excellent communication skills and task oriented work in both group settings and professional
environments. A hardworking film student who prioritizes working on set, career, and a stimulating learning environment.
Skills
Microsoft Office, Excel, PowerPoint proficient
Strong verbal communication
Quick learner
Issue resolution
Attention to detail
Energetic and organized
APA and MLA formatting
Fact checking
Self-motivated
Independent worker
Experience
Writer
 
September 2016
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Covered many varsity sporting events as well as pieces on teams and people within the Chapman Athletics program.
Provided analytics and insight as well as game commentary.
Showed knowledge and experience in sports as well as eloquent writing abilities.
Momentarily ran the Chapman fashion blog, tackling the presence of cultural differences and self-expression on campus.
ACCOMPLISHMENTS Major projects include: recruiting clients, finding contact information, and following up on potential wholesale
buyers.
Placing the company's largest sale in history at over $15,000 worth of discounted merchandise.
Produced and photographed new products to enhance the brand.
Product inspection to ensure highest possible quality.
Inventory control: restocked and organized items as necessary and as directed for company efficiency.
Ran many community and schoolwide events at my high school including "Rock the Vote" where we brought in political figures from all
around Orange County to educate young voters and answer questions.
Production and marketing intern
 
April 2016
 
to 
September 2017
 
Company Name
I've been working as a photographer and website designer for over a year; aiding in the production of merchandise, marketing, inventory
oversight, recruiting of wholesale clients, and processing orders.
I also spent a significant amount of time cleaning, packaging and labeling outgoing orders as well as working overtime in the evenings to
ensure customer satisfaction by appeasing clientele time restrictions and pushing our own deadlines for product release dates.
I monitored the photo studio for adequate quantities of supplies and conducted all photoshoots in a calm and professional demeanor while
collaborating with buyers to guarantee product satisfaction and reliable advertising.
Participated in conventions where skills in sales were necessary to break even after travel expenses.
PUblic relations officer
 
March 2015
 
to 
June 2016
 
Company Name
Conceptualized and wrote project briefs to jump start efforts toward lack of traffic on website/media outlets.
Created the look and feel of the organizations online presence in social media forums.
Designed unique print materials including advertisements, brochures, and logo designs.
Adhered to all corporate brand guidelines when preparing graphic materials.
Coordinated community and school wide events and made sure there were no gaps in project planning.
Was in charge of communication between student government, administration, the school's broadcast program, and the school newspaper.
March 2015
 
to 
June 2016
 
Company Name
Prepared equipment for all operations.
Verified that all information was readily available and displayed correctly.
Created concepts for advertisements and promotional videos and carried them out thoughtfully.
Collected data and opinions followed by the air date of the video to improve upon my own work.
Ensured that the message of promotional strategies was received as intended and followed all guidelines.
Communicated with the head of the news channel in a timely and organized fashion.Education and Training
HIgh school diploma
 
: 
June 8th 2016
 
Northwood High School
 
Member of World Wildlife Club Events Coordinator of Yoga and Pilates Club
Executive board of Fellowship of Christian Athletes club Member of Student Forum Recipient of the Pride of the Pack Award (rewarding merit
and character) Named Athlete of the Month three times 2 year captain of the varsity Lacrosse Team 1 year captain of the varsity Basketball Team
4 year varsity athlete
TV Writing and Production Documentary Filmmaking
 
, 
May
 
Freshman | Chapman University
 
TV Writing and Production Documentary
Filmmaking
Skills
Adobe illustrator, photo, advertisements, advertising, analytical skills, approach, Attention to detail, broadcast, brochures, clientele, clients,
customer satisfaction, fashion, Film, government, Graphic design, graphic, inspection, inventory, Inventory control, Journalism, logo, marketing,
materials, Excel, Microsoft Office, PowerPoint, Multi-media, newspaper, packaging, Photography, photographer, problem solving, project
planning, quality, Quick learner, recruiting, sales, Self-motivated, unique, verbal communication, video, website designer, website