MANUFACTURING TECHNICIAN OPS COORDINATOR
Professional Summary
To apply my current education to obtain placement in an agency that provides services to clients who are seeking treatment for substance
use/abuse, Intimate Partner Violence , and PTSD.
Professional Experience
04/2017
 
to 
01/2015
Company Name
Volunteered at Albuquerque Fashion Week.
I worked in a booth that displayed business like clothes and shoes for homeless women and men to reintegrate them into the workforce.
Walking for Chiari, June 7-9, 2013 
Help organize a charity walk that raised money for individuals living with Chiari.
Master Practicum Perfectly Imperfect 
242 hours IOP Substance Use/Abuse treatment program using the Matrix modality.
HRT treatment using the Wexler model to treat clients that are referred to the agency for Intimate Partner Violence.
Seeking Safety treatment program that is geared towards working with individuals who are experiencing possible violence, PTSD, and
Substance use/abuse.
Worked with clients in a group setting.
Helped clients identify what has led to them being referred to the agency for treatment.
Provided clients with the necessary skills involving relapse prevention.
Worked with clients and family members identifying ways that the user and the family member can work together to rebuild the broken
relationship caused by the use/abuse of drugs and alcohol.
Worked with clients while they learn skills that will help them move through the intimate partner violence, PTSD, and substance use/abuse.
Practicum Internship 
208 hours Bernalillo County Department of Substance Abuse Program 
Metropolitan Assessment and Treatment
Services (Mats) is a program that offers a 3-10 day detox program for individuals who are wanting to detox from alcohol and/or drugs.
Supportive Aftercare Community (SAC) is a 6 month transitional living program that works with individuals who are trying to remain sober.
The program teaches the clients life skills that support sober living.
Milagro is a program that houses pregnant women that are trying to remain sober.
The program teaches the clients life skills and child care education.
Worked in CIU performing vitals and intakes for clients who were preparing to enter Mats Detox.
Provided clients with community resources that offer substance abuse treatment outside of detox.
Shadowed technicians while dispensing client's medications and updating their client files.
Observed the Community Reinforcement Approach group sessions that the LADAC practitioners facilitate in the SAC program.
CYFD Practicum 
45 hours Bernalillo County Department of Substance Abuse Program Metropolitan Assessment & Treatment Services
(MATS).
Shadowed technicians working with clients in the detox facility.
Safety Center.
Shadowed LADAC practitioners while performing intakes, assessments and facilitating group sessions for CCP clients.
01/2001
 
to 
09/2007
Manufacturing Technician Ops Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Certified Level 2 Ops Coordinator for Wet Etch and Thin Films.
Responsible for communicating area priorities.
Responsible for attending Middle of Shift and End of Shift meetings to discuss the area strengths, weaknesses and tool availability.
12/2015
Company Name
Participated in setting up for the celebration that was held for foster youth, mentors, family, and community members.
Assisted participants in making creative gift boxes.
Albuquerque Turkey Trek, November, 26, 2015 Provided assistance with participant registration.
Ensured that runners received hydration when passing various check points.
Proceeds from this event went to NMCAN.
Building futures and foundations, October 30, 2015 
Helped provide a safe, healthy environment for foster youth to build relationships and
memories.
Haven House, March 20-25, 2015 
Participated in clothing drive for women and children who are staying at Haven House.
Certified Level 2 Trainer
Responsible for training new hires and employees from other areas on equipment.
Responsible for maintaining Gas equipment that entailed mechanical adjustments ensuring proper alignments and handing of the wafers.
Performed test procedures on Wet Etch benches to qualify that the correct amount of chemicals was used.
Inspected wafers for any defects and incorrect die yield to make certain that quality product was coming out of the tools.
Education and Training
2015
Bachelors of Social Work
 
New Mexico Highlands University
 
4.0 Awarded Honor Roll Certificate for consecutive terms 2014 through
Associates of Arts
 
: 
Child, Youth, and Family Development Social Work
 
Central New Mexico Community College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Child, Youth,and Family Development Social Work 3.96 Dean's List for Academic Progress 
Recognition of 3.5 or higher GPA per academic term 
Recognized
for all consecutive terms of 2012 through 2014 Phi Theta Kappa Honor Society 
Members are recognized for maintaining a cumulative GPA of 3.5
or higher
Associates of Science
 
: 
Electronic Engineering Technology
 
ITT Technical Institute
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Electronic Engineering Technology 3.96 National
Honor Society Member 
Member of the Honor Society the entire time in school from 1998 to 2000 
Salutatorian 
Recognized for graduating second
in my class
Skills
Approach, agency, child care, client, clients, Fashion, futures, mechanical, meetings, money, works, quality, Safety