TEACHER
Summary
Kind, compassionate and highly motivated Teacher dedicated to creating an atmosphere that is stimulating and encouraging to all students
while learning.
Desire to inspire and motivate children toÂ achieve their absolute best.
Expertise in individualizing instruction based on students needs and interests.
Education
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Childhood Education 1-6
 
2007
 
Brooklyn College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Minor in 
Psychology.
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Liberal Arts
 
2003
 
Nassau Community College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Liberal Arts
Experience
Teacher
 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Create a classroom environment conducive to learning and growing. Â 
Adapt and modify lessons to meet student's academic needs.Â 
Conduct a variety of activities for individual lessons, group projects, and movement time to further enhance learning.Â 
Collaborate with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning and student interests.
Organize activities that develop children's physical, emotional and social growth.
Redirect children to encourage safe and positive behaviors in the classroom.
Encourage curiosity, exploration and problem-solving with age-appropriate playtime activities.
Student Teacher
 
09/2006
 
to 
02/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Completed four months of teaching experience in a 1st grade classroom, collaborating with a cooperating teacher and other staff members
to plan and schedule lessons that encourage learning.
Differentiated instruction according to student interest, ability and skill level.
Observed and assessed student performance and kept thorough records of progress using running records, rubrics, student portfolios, and
teacher-made exams.
Created a student-based, constructivist environment where exploration, questioning, problem solving, accountable talk, and a love for
learning were promoted.
Prepared lesson plans for each component of Balanced Literacy according to a new thematic unit every month.
Established positive relationships with students, parents, fellow teachers and school administrators.
Dentist Office Manager
 
07/2002
 
to 
09/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Led a team of 10 employees and was responsible for administering staff training and delegating duties for the practice.
Promoted twice in my tenure.
Managed difficult or emotional patient situations and responded promptly to patient needs in pain and emergencies.
Educated patients about proper oral hygiene and prevention of dental diseases.
Accurately collected and recorded patient medical and dental histories.
Provided appropriate treatment plans and postoperative instructions to the patients as prescribed by dentist.
Managed collections, claims and appeals with insurance companies.
Worked closely with insurance companies to ensure pre-approvals, prior authorizations and that patient's visits were properly documented
and paid.
Maintained proper graphical and perio charting for the hygienist.Â 
Scheduled and maintained a calendar of appointments, meetings, and travel itineraries.
Established and maintained excellent working relationships with patients and employees to this day.
Certifications
First Aid CPR
Child Care Facility Rules & Regulations (FACR)
Identifying and Reporting Child Abuse and Neglect (CAAN)
School-Age Appropriate Practices (SAP)
Skills
Creative at lesson planning and hands-on instruction.
Student Assessment.
Classroom Management.
Able to inspire, comfort and build self-esteem.
Outstanding communication skills.
Dependable and detail orientated.
Excellent organizational skills.
LanguagesTrilingual in English, Russian and Hebrew.