CONSTRUCTION INSPECTOR
Professional Summary
Result-Driven Certified Construction Manager in Training with over 2 years of significant and progressive experience in construction industry.
Proven track record in ensuring project deliverables are brought to market in a timely manner. *Strong team leader with proven managerial
experience and skills cross functional terms including Subcontractors, Vendors and Suppliers. *Effective problem solver and decision making
skills, exceptional commitment to quality and customer satisfaction. Excellent presentation/ Communication, negotiation and persuasion skills.
Core Qualifications
Primavera P6
Digitizer
Site safety/OSHA compliance
Microsoft Project
Plan Swift 9
QA/QC/Field Engineering
AutoCAD
Revit (BIM)
Micro station V8i
Microsoft office
Report Writing
Interpersonal/Communication
Experience
Construction Inspector
 
November 2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided quality assurance services by performing on-site inspections of material and workmanship as well as performed material testing in
accordance to the American Society for Testing and Material (ASTM) manuals for reinforcing bars as well as concrete.
Performed inspections on epoxy Anchor/Dowels and concrete field technician duties (Slump test, Temperature, Air content and Concrete
sampling).
Tested and inspected construction material, placement and foundation work.
Performed reinforcing steel inspections to ensure rebar meets requirements of approved drawings.
Performed in-place density tests on various types of soil to determine compaction and moisture content.
Established onsite solutions to unforeseen issues found in the field.
Performed proctor, sieve and compressive strength tests with senior technician in laboratory.
Performed timely inspections reports to engineers and project manager to ensure work meets requirements set by the proper design
authority for each specific project.
Project Engineer
 
May 2015
 
to 
October 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Processed, tracked, and distributed submittals and RFIs.
Managed document control process, including change order, subcontractor billings, field production tracking, purchasing, and contract
administration.
Coordinated project close-out documentation, including deficiency, warranties, maintenance and final payments.
Assisted with documentation of accidents, safety violations, unsafe conditions and activities.
Conducted quality control inspections of completed work.
Processed vendor invoices, reconciled all monthly subcontractor progress billings, and managed jobsite office.
Performed quantity take-offs derived from a thorough understanding of plans and specifications using Digitizer.
Negotiated and tracked subcontractor contracts, agreements, change orders and insurance.
Prepared project schedule in primavera at determined intervals to ensure jobs are being completed on time.
Monitored project progress and performed variance analysis in comparison with baseline schedule.
Produced significant cost savings, potential cost avoidance, and preventive problem solving through numerous cost saving ideas, suggestions
and recommendations.
Ensured equipment and material were in accordance with contract drawings and specifications by monitoring and coordinating construction
activities.
Ensured site safety through comprehensive review of subcontractor safety program.
Facilitated communication between the owner and contractor to ensure construction projects were completed on time and within budget.
Traffic Engineer
 
January 2013
 
to 
April 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
As a traffic engineer was involved in collection and appraisal of data reports, surveys and investigations, conducting various traffic survey
analysis and report making.
The main objective of this study is to check the feasibility of Outer Ring Road (ORR) from Shamirpet to Keesara and come up with
investment proposal based on future travel demands that would attempt to improve the traffic scenario in the city of Hyderabad.
The study include current traffic and transport situation, projecting likely growth in next 20 years and recommendation with regard to new
roads and flyovers.Conducted traffic studies, classified traffic volume count, intersection volume count, willingness-to-pay, origin-destination and axle load
surveys.
Analyzed traffic volume count data, average daily traffic (ADT), Annual Average daily traffic (AADT), O-D matrix, growth rate, traffic
demand for normal, diverted and generated traffic projection and calculation of vehicle damage factor (VDF) and equivalent single axle load
(ESAL).
Prepared reports, documents and drawings for related features and finalized the location of road and flyovers based on the reports
gathered.
Project Engineer
 
February 2012
 
to 
October 2012
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Oversaw million dollar residential construction project in collaboration with architects, engineers, subcontractors, owners, consultants, and
municipalities.
Supervised contractors and project timelines, budgets and quality control.
Administered construction documentation.
Procured and tracked materials, facilitated punch list completion and ensured accuracy and on-time delivery.
Lead a team as an engineer responsible for project planning, estimation, contract management and material procurement.
Created the Baseline Schedule and studied acceptable free float and total float for each phase.
Evaluated the critical paths in the project schedules and evaluated alternative schedule options to identify optimum project strategies or
resolve problems before or during execution.
Performed resourceloading and levelling, logic diagrams analysis, critical path looking two weeks ahead, and overall network analysis for
senior management decision making.
Proposed cost-effective methods, balanced schedules and improved performance through strategic workforce management.
Assisted project manager with on-site visits and meetings with sub-contractors.
Inspected project sites to monitor progress and ensure conformance to design specifications and safety standards'.
Achieved project deadline by managing/scheduling/leading subcontractors.
Accomplishments
Certifications:.
Education
Master of Science
 
: 
Construction Engineering and Management
 
, 
May 2016
 
The University of Texas
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
USA
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.54/4.0
Construction Engineering and Management GPA: 3.54/4.0
Bachelor of Technology
 
: 
Civil Engineering
 
, 
May 2013
 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
 
India
 
Civil Engineering
Certifications
Construction Manager In Training(CMIT) License: 184492 *OSHA 10-Hour 
*OSHA 30-Hour
Skills
AutoCAD, billings, budgets, budget, Interpersonal/Communication, Construction Manager, content, contract management, contract administration,
contracts, decision making, delivery, documentation, engineer, senior management, features, insurance, logic, managing, materials, meetings,
Microsoft office, office, Microsoft Project, Micro station, network analysis, next, Primavera, problem solving, material procurement, progress,
project planning, proposal, purchasing, quality assurance, QA, quality control, Report Writing, Revit, safety, scheduling, strategic, surveys, Swift 9,
technician, variance analysis