SALES ASSOCIATE
Summary
I am an industrious Fashion Business Management undergrad seeking employment with a fashion brand that will utilize my knowledge and skills for
a product development position.
Highlights
Proficient in Mac and PC platforms * Microsoft Office Suite * Adobe Creative Suite * Internet Savvy * Fluent in Albanian
Experience
05/2012
 
to 
Current
Sales Associate
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Conduct product knowledge trainings to keep my staff informed of new and/or additional details, and of how and where our merchandise is
made
Create product knowledge boards to keep my sales team up-to-date on the most current runway show and season- including creative
director Christopher Bailey's inspiration behind the show, photos of each outfit and detailed descriptions of the garments that include fabric
content to patterns and colorways.
Visually merchandise in-store displays from adjusting fixtures to dressing mannequins.
Regularly use iPads to manage my client portfolios, keep up-to-date with Burberry news, obtain information on product availability and in-
store stock. Liaison with other locations regarding merchandise availability and trainings.
Continuously meet and exceed monthly sales goals.
01/2016
 
to 
04/2016
Technical Design Intern
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Communicated with clothing factories daily to discuss garment specification needs as well as status' per garment.
Used Ronlynn Apparel Software (RLM) to update product lifecycle management per each garment- includes tech pack management,
revision of product specifications, bill of materials tracking and design history.
Developed and revised Excel spreadsheets in relation to current season garments' manufacturing and completion status'
RevisedÂ Â garment sketches, includingÂ construction and detail information.
Attended Fit Meetings where clothing designers and technical designers would discuss garment technicalities that needed modifications.
04/2010
 
to 
06/2011
Sales Associate
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Sales associate in a fast paced, highly trafficked retail store.
Regularly managed several responsibilities at once (such as answering phone calls, cashiering, and organizing fitting room lines).
Responsible for managing floor inventory and restocking merchandise.
Regularly managed visual merchandising of 
in-store displays during overnight shifts.
Education
May 2016
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Fashion Merchandising Management
 
Fashion Institute of Technology, State University of New York
 
Fashion Merchandising
Management
Skills
Proficiency in Microsoft Office Suite, Adobe Creative Suite, Ronlynn Apparel Software, both Mac and PC platforms, social media (including
Pinterest, Instagram, Facebook, and Snapchat), internet research