PUBLIC RELATIONS ASSISTANT
Professional Summary
My past experiences in academic and employment settings have developed the traits necessary for me to become an important team member in
your organization. I am seeking a position that affords skill development and career advancement. I consider myself to be an excellent
communicator, while being a creative thinker and a strong problem solver.
Core Qualifications
Public Relations, Marketing, Event Planning and Social Media (Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest 
& Google+) *Microsoft
Office: Excel, Word, Power Point and Publisher Systems: Raiser's Edge and POD
Experience
Public Relations Assistant
 
July 2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Interface with public relations agency daily to assist with media requests in a timely manner.
Coordinate interviews between reporters, Renfrew staff and Renfrew alumni.
Staff media shoots and serve as liaison between journalists and Renfrew staff.
Formulate press releases, byline articles and media advisories.
Maintain and post creative and timely copy/content to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn and Google+: 4,900 likes on Facebook,
1,980 followers on Twitter, 1,320 followers on Instagram and 2,150 followers on LinkedIn.
Participate in bi-weekly meetings with public relations agency to effectively coordinate key initiatives.
Prepare and send out 'Industry News' to more than 300 company members.
Assistant Editor for our professional newsletter, Perspectives, and our alumni newsletter, Connections.
Plan and execute our annual social media campaign 'Barefaced & Beautiful, Without & Within' during National Eating Disorder Awareness
Week: create copy/content for all social media platforms; track social media progress across all platforms; coordinate media interviews;
work with all sites to organize various activities for patients and staff to participate in.
Contact person for all alumni events and alumni webinars.
Prepare post alumni event/webinar recap reports.
Help plan and staff our annual alumni reunion in June for more than 300 attendees: schedule meetings and take minutes; vendor coordination
including Renfrew maintenance; help generate theme, title, giveaway item, menu and workshops.
Help plan and staff our annual professional conference in November for more than 500 attendees: coordinate staff registration; organize
media training for Renfrew staff; point person for media in attendance.
Assist the Northeast Region of Professional Relations Representatives.
Public Relations Administrative Assistant
 
January 2013
 
to 
July 2013
 
Company Name
Assisted the Public Relations Manager with all aspects of public relations including uploading placements to the website, attended local
media shoots and media trainings, formulated press releases and prepared the 'industry news.' Helped maintain and post to Facebook,
Twitter and Instagram: 3,000 Likes on Facebook, 900 followers on Twitter and 160 followers on Instagram.
Assisted with the planning and execution of our annual social media campaign 'Barefaced & Beautiful, Without & Within' during National
Eating Disorder Awareness Week.
Assisted the Alumni Relations Manager with all aspects of alumni relations including the planning of workshops, community events and Non-
Residential Reunions.
Assisted with the planning and execution of our annual alumni reunion including meeting minutes, vendor coordination including Renfrew
maintenance, and the post-event recap report.
Utilized Raisers Edge, our Alumni Database Entry System to assist with inquires and the development of accounts.
Helped plan and staff our annual professional conference in November for more than 500 attendees.
Assisted all 12 Professional Relations Representatives across our 13 sites with various duties including fulfilling literature requests as well as
other administrative and clerical tasks.
Marketing Administrative Assistant
 
September 2011
 
to 
January 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted the Director of Marketing with various office duties including editing, copying, inventory, meeting minutes, research, and mailings as
well as all aspects of event planning including our annual conference, alumni reunion, road shows, and community events.
Assisted the Senior Marketing Coordinator with all aspects of advertising, sponsorships as well as free and paid listings.
Helped monitor Facebook and Twitter: 2,000 Likes on Facebook and 400 followers on Twitter.
Utilized POD, our Professional Database System and Raisers Edge, our Alumni Database System to assist with inquires and the
development of accounts as well as tagging attendees from webinars and conferences.
Assisted all 10 Professional Relations Representatives across our 11 sites with various duties including fulfilling literature requests as well as
other administrative and clerical tasks.
Education
MBA
 
: 
Social Media Marketing
 
, 
2014
 
Rutgers University
 
Social Media Marketing
Bachelor of Arts Degree
 
: 
2011
 
Public Relations 
Penn State University
2007
 
High School Graduate 
St. Hubert Catholic High School for Girls
Additional InformationBusiness and Personal References Available upon request
Skills
administrative, advertising, agency, bi, clerical, conferences, content, copying, Database, Edge, editing, Editor, Event Planning, inventory, Director,
Marketing, media training, meetings, Excel, Microsoft Office, office, Power Point, Publisher, Word, newsletter, press releases, progress, Public
Relations, Raiser's Edge, research, social media platforms, website, workshops, articles