PUBLIC INFORMATION MANAGER, SR
Highlights
Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Access; Knowledge of Mac and PC. 
Professional: Strong written and verbal
skills; project management skills; detail oriented team player; research skills.
Experience
Public Information Manager, Sr
 
July 2006
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Responsible for media relations for the City's Department of Watershed Management (DWM) to proactively ensure timely and accurate
coverage including developing press releases, media alerts, and traffic advisories; provide talking points and briefings for DWM
Commissioner and Deputy Commissioners for media interviews; monitor and track media coverage for accuracy, analysis and identification
of potential issues; crisis communication resolution; generate updates for the Department's Atlantawatershed.org website and DWM's social
media pages to provide continuous information to impacted stakeholders.
Provide daily media updates to the Mayor's Office of Communications to develop strategies to manage news coverage.
Develop and implement communications plans for DWM drinking water and wastewater construction and green infrastructure projects to
include comprehensive public relations and outreach efforts to ensure effective citizen notification and involvement.
Past and present projects include: Peoplestown Flooding Response (Southeast Atlanta Green Infrastructure Initiative, including
communications outreach for the construction of award-winning five-million gallon stormwater storage vault at Turner Field and first major
permeable pavers project in the City of Atlanta); Green Stormwater Infrastructure Task Force; FEMA Floodplain Maps; Automated Meter
Reading program; Georgia Tech-Midtown Water Main Replacement Project; Camp Creek Sewer Capacity Relief Project, and citywide
Valves and Hydrants Assessment and Location Project.
Manage the public outreach activities for the Sewer System Evaluation Survey (SSES) and Sewer Rehabilitation Program and provide
management and direction for a team of contract Public Information Managers and Public Information Officers.
Write articles for highlighting Watershed Management initiatives in industry trade publications, including Georgia Engineer.
Plan and execute press and special events related to construction projects, community activities and vendor/contractor.
Graduate of the City of Atlanta's.
Senior Manager
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
Winner of the 2012 H2Oscars Award for Best Performance in a Supporting Role in a Construction Project for role in project public
relations and communications management.
Assistant Public Relations Manager Special Projects Writer
 
March 2005
 
to 
June 2006
 
Company Name
Executive messaging for Airport General Manager and Atlanta Mayor - researched information and developed speeches and talking points
for Aviation General Manager, Deputy General Manager and other executive staff members for formal presentations, weekly press
conferences and media interviews.
Contributing writer for Airport's monthly on-line newsletter, HJN News.
Managed Department of Aviation's Speakers Bureau and assisted in the coordination of Hartsfield-Jackson Airport press events and
managed on-site media.
Senior Public Relations and Information Specialist
 
May 2000
 
to 
March 2005
 
Company Name
Researched, wrote and edited speeches and talking points for Transportation Board members and GDOT senior management.
Developed presentations and created press materials including press releases, fact sheets, newspaper commentaries and pitch letters.
Coordinated and managed Speakers Bureau.
Developed and participated in community outreach campaigns.
Monitored and reported legislative activities during the Georgia General Assemblies.
Media relations responsibilities including monitoring media coverage of Department and other transportation related issues.
Worked closely with media to answer inquiries and meet media needs in an accurate, timely and professional manner.
Served as on-call, emergency Department spokesperson.
Wrote feature articles for Departmental publications, including personnel newsletter.
Education
Masters of Public Administration
 
Troy University
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
English
 
University of Georgia
 
English
Work History
Company Name
Company Name
Company Name
Professional Affiliations
Public Relations Society of America - Georgia Chapter (Candidate for Accreditation in Public Relations certification) Black Public Relations
Society of Atlanta - 2013 National Convention Planning committee Junior League of DeKalb County - Public Relations & Technology Chair(2012-2013), Public Relations Assistant Chair (2009-2010)
Skills
conferences, detail oriented, direction, Engineer, special events, senior management, feature articles, General Manager, letters, Mac, materials,
Media relations, messaging, Access, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Office, PowerPoint, Word, newsletter, newspaper, personnel, presentations,
press, press releases, project management, public relations, publications, Reading, research, speeches, team player, Transportation, verbal skills,
website, written, writer, articles