CONSULTANT
Career Overview
A highly motivated techno-functional and business savvy professional desire to obtain a position as IT Manager/ IT Head with strong ISO 27001
2005 Information Security knowledge & Network Administration, which will best utilize my managerial experience while allowing challenges and
growth. I am looking for new position that will enhance my skill and give me an ample opportunity for growth. Over 10 years' rich experience and
demonstrated expertise in a wide gamut of functions spanning Infrastructure Management, IT Security, Technical Support and System
Administration with major Telecom organizations Presently associate with Jaiprakash Associates Limited (Jaypee Group), as Consultant central
Data centre Implemented ISO 27001:2005 standards and compliance A keen planner with abilities in managing IT & information security
networking operations with focus on profitability and achieving company's mission & strategic direction. Adept in planning, design, installation and
configuration of IT networks, maintenance and troubleshooting, network user management on multiple platforms, governed by communication
protocols. Comprehensive understanding of networking concepts pertaining to LAN, WAN, security, IT communication, WAN protocols,
Networking devices administration and maintenance in multi-platform environments. Adept in analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-
user requirements, custom designing solutions, troubleshooting for complex information systems management. Core Competencies IT Infrastructure
Development Architect and deploy new IT solutions by conducting project and risk planning sessions with the blended project management team
which typically includes both functional specialist and technical team to ensure a high probability of project success. Maintenance of network
security appliances, Load balancers, Enterprise Servers and , Operating Systems, Clusters, File Systems, Databases and Applications and
Operations Address performance bottlenecks and ensuring maximum system uptime. Manage all the technology related requirements, including
technical feasibility study, budget, selection, procurement, up-gradation / migration of hardware, software, database and applications. Designing the
Backup Strategy for the sites and ensuring scheduled/unscheduled Backups as per backup plan and restoration. Details of information Security
Projects done Deployment & Implementation of clustering module of Barracuda Spam Firewall Deployment & Implementation of SSL VPN for
corporate communication
Work Experience
Consultant
 
Company Name
ISO27001:2005 Information Security Implementation Duration: December'2008 - continuing Responsibility: As an Information Security
Analyst, jobs was related to finding GAP Analysis, managing policy & procedure, O/s Hardening, Information Asset Classification,
Managing SOA, challenging security issues Deployment & Implementation of Symantec Endpoint Management suite Deployment &
Implementation of clustering module of Juniper firewall Deployment & Implementation of clustering module of Radware link proof Load
Balancer Networking / Systems Administration Architect/Design Network security Layered for Enterprise Projects which involve Firewall
Engineering/Intrusion Detection (IDS)/Intrusion Prevention (IPS) Managing Barracuda Spam Firewall Mail Security solution for corporate
user Managing Blue coat Web Content Filtering (Proxy) for remote site & office end user Architect/design Managed Security Service
Projects.
Conducting Internal and external Vulnerability Assessment.
Conducting Gap analysis consistently with respect to security operation/risk.
Involved in Technology Integration/acquisition between Enterprise.
Responsible for Group policy deployment for new site Responsible for Enforcement of application & device Control Leading the team of
technical professionals during the development stages.
Imparting training to end-users in the post-implementation phase.
Active Directory Administration such as health Monitoring of Directory structure, FSMO Role, 
NtFRS, AD Replication , DHCP & DNS
EDP/Facilities Management Interact with 60 core sites for sourcing of client security products and solutions and for closure of calls all
related to Information & network security , which are supported by them Maintain an Asset database for the company and update at regular
intervals.
Track asset movements and ensuring software and hardware assets are within control.
Direct installation of Operating Systems and application software on Windows, deployment of Servers, network, console, power and
monitoring the same.
Information Security) Data centre.
06/2004
 
to 
03/2008
Asst Manager
 
Company Name
07/2002
 
to 
06/2004
System Engineer
 
Company Name
Hardware & network Support) Vishnuprayag Joshimath in Uttranchal.
Education and Training
1 2001
B.E
 
Jawaharlal Institute of Technology (J I T)
 
Computer Science & Engg. Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishawavidhalaya, Bhopal
Cisco Certified Network Associates (CCNA) 
2006 Microsoft Certified IT Professional (MCITP) 
2011 Symantec Certified Specialist (SCS)
2011 Certified Ethical Hacker (CEH) 
2013 Permanent Address: E-1/1006 Shree Sharanam Apartment Unique Garden off Kanakia Road Near
Seveb Eleven Scholastic Mira Road Dist Thane Pin 401107
Interests
Date of Birth 
: 
7th December 1977 Mother Name 
: 
Pushpa Mahajan
Skills
Active Directory, AD, Analyst, Architect, CCNA, Cisco Certified, clustering, Hardware, client, database, DHCP, DNS, Facilities Management,
Firewall, IDS, Information Security, ISO, Managing, Microsoft Certified, Mail, office, Windows, Enterprise, Network Associates, Network
security, network Support, network, Networking, Operating Systems, Proxy, Servers, Symantec, Systems Administration, Unique, Web ContentAdditional Information
PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth 
: 
7th December 1977 Mother Name 
: 
Pushpa Mahajan