DIRECTOR OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary
SALES & BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER Sales & Business Development Leader with career track of driving substantial profit margin
and sales growth through strategic leadership and client development. Noted record of delivering revenue growth through devising strategies,
expanding market opportunities and establishing brand recognition. Recognized for ability to utilize innovative sales techniques to enhance business
practices and improve productivity and profit results. Strengths in forging client and vendor relationships focused on driving bottom-line results and
top-line performance.
Skills
Business Development & Sales Leadership *
Client Development *
Strategic Planning *
Market Expansion Team
Building 
& Leadership *
Client Engagement *
Market Analysis/Competitive 
Positioning *
Sales Presentations
Sales Forecasting *
Vendor 
Sourcing/Relations *
Change Management *
Process Improvement *
Profit 
Improvement 
Experience
January 2014
to
January 2018
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Director of Business Development
Director of Communications Progressed through roles based on performance and contributions.
Led the development of strategies and tactical plans for driving sales and market share growth.
Facilitated meetings with prospective and existing clients to conduct presentations and promoted event support and transportation services.
Held direct accountability for all activities related to new business development, market expansion and account management.
Partnered with executive leadership in devising strategic plans for expanding market and securing new business opportunities to maximize
profit margin.
Utilized various sales techniques, including warm calling, cold calling and networking to secure new business.
Secured 4 new full-time accounts for event/transportation services, driving an 80% increase in business growth; achieved and maintained a
95% customer retention rate.
Drove an increase in customer satisfaction rate to 90% by implementing and executing client engagement initiatives, as well as providing
close, personalized service.
Led the implementation of new systems and technologies to drive operational improvements, including VoIP system and Outlook email,
both of which integrated with the Act! database system.
Spearheaded the transition from manual to electronic systems, driving 5% cost reduction.
Created and implemented numerous digital documents and forms to streamline operations, including written proposals, credit card
authorization forms, transportation booking forms and workflow tracking sheets.
Designed and implemented an onsite valet operational, logistical and traffic flow plan for use at a new location.
Developed digital process for drivers to submit their hours and other information for billing usage.
Built and managed strong vendor relationships to support event logistics; increased vendor network by 20%, negotiating favorable contracts
to maximize profitability.
Introduced a new staffing program, When I Work, which led to an increase in functionality and accountability and boosted overall employee
participation and engagement.
Screened, interview and qualified all employees for hire, recruiting new candidates to support staffing needs.
Coordinated, supervised and managed teams of up to 30 responsible for coordinating and executing all logistics for large-scale private
events.
Monitored driver qualifications to ensure compliance with DOT (Department of Transportation) requirements; created and maintained DOT
ledgers to support auditing procedures.
Oversaw the planning of parking and transportation logistics for large public and parking events; coordinated ground transportation
schedules and secured parking space as required.
January 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Inside Sales Representative
Executed sales activities across Denver market, qualifying and prospecting investors for high dollar oil and gas investments.
Utilized cold calling to identify and capitalize on potential new business opportunities.
Interacted with prospects to inform them of new and current drilling projects to secure new partner relationships.
Achieved 150% of weekly qualification quota by conducting 400+ cold calls daily, as well as exceeding established mailing target by 25%.
January 2009
to
January 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
General Manager
Provided strategic leadership of operations at 2 retail locations, including production, performance, quality and service management.Hired, trained, developed and managed a team of 12, providing ongoing coaching and support to ensure optimal performance.
Coordinated and maintained staff schedule to ensure adequate coverage.
Held accountability for inventory control, customer service, marketing and compliance management.
Drove 500% sales increase throughout tenure by introducing targeted marketing strategies and customer engagement initiatives.
Sourced and secured local vendors and negotiated favorable contracts, yielding ~$20K in annual cost savings.
Led the implementation of a new POS system and new labeling system to streamline retail procedures.
Implemented a new process management tracking system to ensure accurate inventory control.
Built relationships with outsourced marketing team to develop print advertisements and marketing strategies.
Partnered with IT team to build a new website for driving brand exposure and potential client reach.
January 2008
to
January 2009
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Assistant Manager
Supported the attainment of daily goals by assisting in overseeing the coordination and execution of sales, customer service and inventory
management functions.
Supervised and support a team of sales associated, training and coaching them on sales and marketing techniques.
Tracked shipments and inventory levels, developed promotional marketing campaigns and monitored sales to ensure overall performance.
Exceeded challenging sales goals by 30%+ by promoting and upselling products.
Education and Training
UNIVERSITY OF COLORADO
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Business Administration
Skills
account management, streamline, business development, cold calling, compliance management, inventory management, inventory levels, inventory
control, logistics, mailing, marketing strategies, process management, sales, VoIP