IT CONSULTANT
Career Overview
Director of Information Technology More than two decades of sound IT leadership in areas including IT strategy and security; systems analysis,
architecting, installation, integration and streamlining; software development and management; network design, administration and management;
technical support and help desk management and telecommunications management. Proven business leadership skills in strategic planning,
consulting, change management, policy development, team leadership and motivation, training and development, project management, process
improvement and procedure development. Operationally astute with demonstrated abilities in new business development, needs assessments,
proposal development, presentations, contract negotiations, post-sales support and client relationship management. Financially savvy with superior
skills in budget planning and forecasting, business forecasting, financial reporting and traditional accounting functions including A/R, A/P, General
Ledger and Payroll Management. Recent recipient of B.S. in Information Technology with a Concentration in Cyber Security Technology and
completed case studies in Current Homeland Security Issues, Perimeter Defense Techniques, Systems Analysis and Development, System
Modeling Theory and Project Management.
Qualifications
Workforce Planning & Scheduling
Contractor Management
Team Leadership & Motivation
Training & Development Business
Partnering
Consulting
Vendor Partnering & Management
Budgeting
Payroll Management Business Startup &
Growth
Technology Implementations &
Upgrades
Network Architect & Administration
Network Security
Website Creation & Management
Router & Firewall Configuration & Optimization
Custom Database design
Custom Front-End Systems design
Development Environment Software: C, Microsoft Visual Basic, Visual Studio
Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Software: Oracle E-Business Suite, Microsoft
Dynamics GP, Sage Pro, MAS90
Object or Component Oriented Development Software: Borland Paradox, C++;
Practical extraction and reporting language:Â  Perl, Python, PHPWeb
Platform Development Software: Hypertext markup language HTML, JavaScript, CSS
Work Experience
IT Consultant
 
01/2013
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Provide IT consulting and support to clients including Intuit, Washington Home Mortgage, The Library of Virginia and NeighborWorks
America Washington Home Mortgage: Recommend efficient use of resources.
Support planning for Office 365 migration; facilitate Cisco UCS reinstall and conversion from T-1 to Verizon Digital Voice.
Library of Virginia: Reviewed domain server installations and processes to improve performance.
Documented systems.
Installed and configured Citrix Provisioning Services.
Configured and integrated Infoblox DNS appliances.
Setup Hyper-V server for image maintenance.
NeighborWorks America: Created network documentation.
Identified areas of inefficiency in help desk processes.
Firewall changes Â​ access and NAT rules and firmware upgrades.
DC infrastructure (backbone, UCS/ blade servers, storage, switches, routers, vCenter, VOIP, etc.) optimization and maintenance.
Active Directory maintenance (domain controllers, multiple forests) Â​ including resolving issues with replication of DNS and AD info;
troubleshooting domain controller issues, DNS management, CISCO Â​ ASA, UCS, VOIP phone system / Unified Communications, Data
Domain, EMC storage.
Analyzed Cloud services, submitted recommendations for improvement, and identified areas of inefficiency.
Created VMWare Server images and adjusted for performance and stability.
Technical Director/Consultant
 
01/2010
 
to 
01/2013
 
Company Name
A firm providing comprehensive technology consulting, IT support and computer networking solutions.
Served as a technical and professional expert across teams, clients, and the information technology spectrum.
Led or served in engagements involving management of VMware ESXi; provision of cloud service support; server and workstation
installation and maintenance, SAN installation and maintenance; switch, router, firewall and VoIP support; Windows server installation and
upgrades; TCP/IP network design and installation and network security provisioning and management.
Led or participated in System Projects that included: System PCI Compliance check and configuration.
Exchange 2000-2010 upgrades and new installations.
Campus wireless network design and installation.
Cisco VoIP systems design and implementation.
Server installation and consolidation using VMware ESXi and Hyper-V servers.
Windows Terminal Server 2008 and Wyse terminal installations.
Director of Managed Services / IT Manager / Professional Services Engineer
 
01/1993
 
to 
01/2010
A firm providing comprehensive technology consulting, IT support and computer networking solutions.Founded and grew the organization from a startup to a respected local consultancy.
Drove all new business development while running all daily back office support functions including finance, accounting, human resource
management, and staffing and workforce management.
Took the lead in delivering IT consulting and professional services to Associations, Non-profits, and SMEs across the DC/Metro Area.
Served in roles beyond project manager that included lead programmer and lead developer.
Utilized technologies that included DirectX C++ simulator; MS-SQL 200-2012, MySQL and PHP on Linux and Windows 2003-2012
server platforms, C programs, VB scripts, PowerShell and batch scripting.
Functioned as Chief Architect providing onsite and remote network administration, at a peak of 300+ network nodes among 30 different
businesses.
Grew a home business with a handful of clients into a profitable $25,000/ month operation by effectively developing and managing all
business development, client engagements and supporting operations.
Established partnerships with major vendors, including HP, Dell, Microsoft (Solution Provider) and Novell (Gold Partner).
Directly managed projects or engagements that included: eCommerce websites creation and installation.
Hyper-V and ESX installations for Windows 2003 and 2008 servers Active Directory, LDAP and email installations across wide area
networks.
NetWare networks; integration and NDS conversions to Active Directory networks.
Firewall installations and upgrades.
Cisco routers and switches; VPN networks optimization including site-to-site and client/server.
Voice over IP and PBX installations.
Custom database and web-based front-end systems development for contact management, association membership, statistical analysis, and
business management tools.
Communications Specialist
 
Company Name
Specialist with Law Firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher and as IT Manager with CPA Firm Crutchley, Marginot and Tosi.
Provided WAN, LAN and Server Management as well as OS and network installs, upgrades and migrations and systems.
implementations.
Education and Training
Master of Science
 
: 
Computer Science
 
2016
 
Georgia Institute of Technology
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Information Technology
 
2014
 
Strayer University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
Summa cum Laude
Concentration in Security
Graduated Summa Cum Laude
 
ITIL v3 Foundation Â· Security+ Â· Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) Â· Master Certified Novell Engineer-Security Cisco Certified
Network Associate Â· Cisco Certified Design Associate Member
 
: 
Information Technology
 
Project Management Institute
 
Information Technology
Skills
accounting, Active Directory, AD, Architect, Borland, Budgeting, business development, business management, Business Startup, C, C++, Cisco
Certified Network Associate, Certified Novell Engineer, CISCO, Cisco Certified, Cisco routers, Citrix, client/server, computer networking,
Consulting, contact management, controller, conversion, CPA, CSS, client, clients, database, Database Design, DC, Dell, documentation, DNS,
eCommerce, E-Business, email, ERP, Enterprise Resource Planning, finance, Firewall, help desk, HP, HTML, human resource management,
Hypertext markup language, PHP, image, information technology, IT support, ITIL v, JavaScript, LAN, LDAP, Team Leadership, Law, Linux,
managing, MAS90, access, Microsoft Certified Professional, MCP, Microsoft Dynamics, Exchange, Office, Windows, 2000, migration, MySQL,
NDS, network administration, network design and installation, Network Security, Network, networks, new business development, Novell,
NetWare, OS, Optimization, Oracle, developer, Paradox, Payroll, PBX, PCI, peak, Perl, phone system, processes, programmer, Python,
reporting, Router, routers, Sage, SAN, Scheduling, servers, scripting, scripts, MS-SQL, staffing, statistical analysis, switches, switch, Systems
Design, systems development, T-1, TCP/IP, Terminal Server, troubleshooting, Upgrades, VPN, Microsoft Visual Basic, VB, Visual Studio, Voice
over IP, VOIP, Website, websites, WAN, Windows server