ENGINEERING PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
Eleven 
years of experience in Analog, RF and Mixed Signal Layout Design at module and Chip levels for 180nm, 65nm, 45nm, 28nm TSMC,
14FF Samsung 
foundry and 10nm Intel. Experienced in planning, tracking and executing tasks to meet desired deadlines.Â 
Skills
Aware of Analog Layout fundamentals like Device
matching, shielding, Isolation, ESD, Latchup, Antenna,
EM, DFM
Physical verification layout using tools like K2Ver,
Hercules, Caliber, Assura
Used auto routers tools like ICCT, Chip Assembly
router, Aprisa, VSR on various blocks to reduce manual
effort
Used post layout parasitic extraction tools
Used Â Nucleus (TI internal tool for ESD and Latchup), SPIRE (TI
internal tool for EMIR analysis), Voltrace (TI internal tool for High voltage
Â checks
Used data management tools like Synchronicity and IC manageÂ 
Relevant Experience
Current Company: Aricent Inc.
Client: 
Intel USA I am currently being trained in Genesys tool and 10nm Intel flow.
I am working on blocks like LDO to begin with.
Client: 
Qualcomm Pvt Ltd India 
WTR-RX/TX SYNTH in 14FF (Samsung foundry) : Duration of project - 6 months I managed a team of 6
who worked on WTR synth project done in 14FF Samsung foundry.
This is one of the most challenging tasks in my career, as this is the first RF task that I have worked in FF technologies.
To overcome the challenges I have undergone various FinFet related trainings to understand the process and its impact on layout.
Experience
Engineering Project Manager
 
, 
12/2012
 
to 
06/2017
 
Company Name
I used Gantt chart to schedule the tasks for each individual.
I also used XL sheet to track the progress and issues on a more micro level.
These sheets certainly helped us to plan the next project much better.
WTR-RX/TX SYNTH in 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 6 months I lead a team of 4 which supported a project which was being
done at Qualcomm USA.
My role in this project was to have regular discussion with US designers to understand their requirements, later communicate these
requirements with my team and also track the deliverables.
I also handled some portion of the TOP level layout tasks.
I worked on blocks like HFVCO, Regulator, VCO Buffer and LPF during this project.
I used Gantt chart to schedule the tasks for each individual.
I also used XL sheet to track the progress and issues on a more micro level.
WTR QLNA Daisy Chain 180nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 0.5 months For this particular project I had regular discussions with the
Packaging team to create the best Daisy Chain structures for a WLP CHIP which I had work on previously.
I also went through the entire process of Tape Out of this CHIP which included uploaded Tapeout related files to the database and
reviewing the eJV sent to the FAB.
WTR QLNA Metal Variants Tapeout 180nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 0.5 months We needed metal variants for the QLNA chip
which I previously worked on.
In design we leave scope for meal options which can be used to study certain features better during testing.
Here I worked on creating four chips with different metal variant options.
I also went through the entire process of Tape Out of this CHIP which included uploaded Tapeout related files to the database and
reviewing the eJV sent to the FAB.
WTR QLNA in 180nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 5 months This was my first project in 180nm TSMC process.
In this project I mentored one other junior in my team who worked on MBIAS block while I worked in creating the LNA.
WTR RX BBF in 28nm (TSMC/UMC) : Duration of project - 4 months I lead a team of 4 which supported a project which was being
done at Qualcomm USA.
My role in this project was to have regular discussion with US designers to understand their requirements, later communicate these
requirements with my team and also track the deliverables using Gantt chart and XL sheet.
I worked on the top level and few sub-blocks of BBF in this project.
WTR FBRX in 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 4 months This task was about working on FBRX module which was previously done.
There we few issues seen with this blocks performance in post silicon verifications.
My role in this task was to identify the IQ imbalance which caused performance issues and fix them.
I was able to meet the designers requirements in this task and was very much appreciated by him once the task was done.
WTR Low Band Low Noise Amplifier 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 3 months This is a Low Band LNA which operates between
860 - 900 Mhz frequencies.
Here layout constraints like coupling, inductance and symmetry were taken care while doing layout.
Majorly the input devices to which RF_IN signal were given extra care w.r.t coupling and symmetry.
WTR Mixer, Attenuator in 28nm (TSMC) : Duration of project - 10 months This is the first project which I worked on in RF domain and I
had a wonderful experience working on this project.The blocks that I worked in this project were for a product chip and hence the amount of learning was tremendous in this project.
The blocks were ready on time with good quality.
Senior Analog Layout Engineer
 
, 
10/2011
 
to 
12/2012
 
Company Name
Member of Technical Staff
 
, 
06/2006
 
to 
09/2011
 
Company Name
Education and Training
Bachelor of Engineering
 
:
 
Electrical and Electronics
 
,
 
2006
 
Visvesvaraya Technological University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
India
 
Electrical and Electronics
Skills
Cadence, Data management, database, debugging, features, IQ, layout, layout design, LINUX, meetings, mentor, Windows, migration, next,
Operating Systems, Packaging, progress, project management, quality, Real Time, Router, Routers, Sun-Solaris