ENGINEERING TECHNICIAN
Professional Summary
Engineering Technician specializing in quality control sector. Analytical thinker skilled collecting data and executing product testing procedures with
precision and ease. Results-driven and focused Engineering Technician successful at prioritizing safety, promoting cost-effective solutions and
exceeding customer expectations. Determined Maintenance Worker with skills performing routine operation checks on work equipment and
always exercising safety measures to limit injuries. Hardworking employee with over [2] years of carrying out oral and written instructions
effectively and efficiently. Uses constructive criticism to improve skills and job performance. Safety-minded Maintenance Worker tasked with
troubleshooting, general plumbing and minor electrical work. Enthusiastic professional promoting excellent attendance record and willing to assist
team members in completing assigned tasks. Organized and dependable candidate successful at managing multiple priorities while maintaining a
strong work ethic and exhibiting a positive attitude. Willingness to take on added responsibilities to meet team goals. Friendly student available for
weekend, evening andholiday shifts. Considered hardworking, punctual and driven. To seek and maintain a full-time position that offers
professional challenges utilizing interpersonal skills, excellent time management and problem-solving skills. Dedicated Customer Service
professional with knowledge of service delivery and proven multitasking abilities. Committed to maintaining professional relationships to increase
profitability and drive business results. Customer Service Representative bringing top-notch skills in oral and written communication, active listening
and analytical problem-solving skills. Enhances customer experiences by employing service-oriented behaviors, understanding customer desires
and providing customized solutions to build loyalty.
Skills
Installation
Strong leader/team leader
Customer service
Cash handling
Self starter
Excellent communication skills
Power and hand tools
Willing to learn
Repair Work Planning
Groundskeeping and Landscaping
Handheld Computers
Pressure Washing
Safety Monitoring and Compliance
Mechanical Repair
Critical Thinking
Facilities Painting and Repair
Heavy Object Lifting
Troubleshooting and Diagnostics
Work History
Engineering Technician
 
01/2018
 
to 
12/2020
 
Company Name
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Read and interpreted blueprints, technical drawings, schematics and computer-generated reports.
Followed verbal instructions and hand sketches to adapt and modify tooling.
Applied engineering principles to develop and operate electrical, mechanical and data processing systems.
Performed work according to project schedules and high quality standards.
Collaborated with engineers in new product introduction phases to develop and verify design changes.
Tracked hours and expenses for each project, detailing each action and charge.
Improved product quality by customizing tools and eliminating variability.
Warehouse Worker
 
01/2016
 
to 
11/2019
 
Company Name
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Operated pallet jacks and material moving equipment to receive and transport items from various warehouse locations.
Alternated goods in inventory by observing first-in and first-out approach to keep shelves organized and properly stocked.
Used hand-held devices and computers to record and monitor inventory levels and completed audits to uncover and address inaccuracies.
Acknowledged safety issues and contacted shift supervisor regarding concerns and for quick resolution.
Loaded, unloaded and moved material to and from storage and production areas.
Consistently lifted materials weighing as much as 
[Number]
 
pounds.
Simplified shipping and receiving processes for improved workflow.
Operated company vehicles and heavy equipment with focus on safety and risk management.
Checked packages and merchandise for damage and notified vendors.
Processed incoming shipments upon package receipt by scanning boxes and envelopes and using 
[Software]
 
to update system.
Placed incoming inventory in optimal storage locations to promote continued accuracy and easy retrieval.
Wrapped pallets in shrink wrap prior to loading.
Updated daily logs with regular shift activities and incident details.Recorded information, shortages and discrepancies to keep records current and accurate.
Measured dimensions of finished pieces for conformance to specifications.
Cleaned and maintained warehouse in compliance with OSHA safety standards.
Evaluated supplies and product inventory to check for quality and quantity issues and returned unacceptable materials to vendors.
Identified inadequate materials and faulty equipment and brought to supervisors' attention.
Managed product staging to efficiently transfer items between receiving, storage and shipping locations.
Performed general housekeeping and cleaning tasks, including sweeping, pulling weeds and power washing.
Readied product pallets for optimal storage and shipment, carefully organizing boxes and balancing weight.
Inspected work areas for cleanliness and obstacles and removed cartons and boxes to keep work areas organized and hazard-free.
Labeled and accurately moved customer orders to meet shipment timetables and minimize errors.
Completed over 
[Number]
 
customer orders each day in warehouse setting.
Operated RF scanners to track merchandise and verify contents of containers.
Moved products of all sizes using overhead cranes, forklifts and other equipment, consistently meeting challenging performance goals.
Kept documentation and records accurate and up-to-date with latest data to prevent errors in processing or delivery.
Maintained strong vendor connections by arranging pricing and delivery structures and managing specific shipment or paperwork concerns.
Customer Service Associate
 
06/2014
 
to 
07/2016
 
Company Name
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Developed and actualized customer service initiatives to decrease wait times.
Maintained customer satisfaction with forward-thinking strategies focused on addressing customer needs and resolving concerns.
Provided primary customer support to internal and external customers.
Developed community reputation through commitment to customer satisfaction and strong client relationships.
Maintained accurate and current customer account data with manual forms processing and digital information updates.
Collected customer feedback and made process changes to exceed customer satisfaction goals.
Resolved concerns with products or services to help with retention and drive sales.
Improved operational efficiencies while managing customers requests, store inventory, transactions, new purchase orders and pricing needs.
Improved customer satisfaction ratings by addressing issues and fostering timely resolution.
Informed customers about special promotions and provided detailed information for various products.
Recommended products to customers, thoroughly explaining details.
Responded to customer requests for products, services and company information.
Answered customer telephone calls promptly to avoid on-hold wait times.
Cultivated customer loyalty, promoted repeat customers and improved sales.
Education
Schenck Civilian Conservation Center
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
GED
 
, 
08/2017