TEST ANALYST-INTERN/CONTRACTOR
Profile
3+ years of professional experience in Software Testing. Experience in working with Agile Software Development. Strong scripting skills with
good expereince in test automation. Expertise in Manual and Automation testing of various web and mobile- based applications. Good
programming skills accompanied by excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Hands on experience in preparing Test Plans, Test Cases,
Automated Tests and executing the same. Proven experience in testing GIS applications. Experience in working with E-commerce, Banking and
Insurance domains. Experience in User Acceptance Testing, System Integration Testing, Performance Testing, Decision Table Testing and
Regression Testing. Good experience with developing and maintaining the test documentation. Self motivated with strong passion for delivering
quality software. Strong Project Management skills with flexibility and willingness to work on a variety of projects while demonstrating ability to
multi-task and prioritize effectively. Excellent verbal and communication skills. Excellent Risk Mangagement skills with proven ability to meet the
tight deadlines. ISTQB certified tester. To pursue a challenging career in the field of Software Testing and Quality Assurance and providing the
need of the company in the best possible way and enhance my technical, logical and problem solving skills.
Skills
TECHNICAL PROFILE:
Programming Languages: C, C++, C#, Java
Scripting Languages: JavaScript, Windows PowerShell.
Mark Up Language: HTML, XML
Automation tool: Selenium IDE & Web driver, GoogleUIAutomator
Bug Tracking tools: Jira, Buganizer
Office Suite: Microsoft office, Microsoft Project, Open Office
Database: My SQL and SQL server
Operating System: Windows 8,8.1, Linux and OS X
Mobile Operating system: iOS, Android
Professional Experience
August 2014
 
to 
February 2015
Company Name
 
Test Analyst-Intern/Contractor
Responsibilities:
System testing and functional testing on E-commerce websites. This involves testing it against the functional specification and integration
testing the system in case of website is integrated.
Conducting cross browser and cross platform testing on different desktop browsers, Mobile phones and various Tablets.
Analyzing the Requirements provided by client in Functional and Technical requirements specification and Communicating with BA,
Developers and Project coordinators.
Writing functional and non-functional requirement test cases based of functional specification.
Performing integration testing in co-ordination with client for the site, which is integrated with external system.
Experience working on both Responsive and Non-responsive websites.
Testing the complicated promotions under support and also testing assess the support issues received from client.
Participating in the daily stand up meeting and also involving in the company meeting towards process improvement. List of Retail Domain
Projects:
www.maxshop.com
www.smithandcaugheys.co.nz
www.walkerandhall.co.nz
www.numberoneshoes.co.nz
www.overlandfootware.co.nz
October 2011
 
to 
February 2014
Company Name
 
Quality Analyst
Project Description: Google Play is a digital distribution platform operated by Google. It serves as the official app store for the Android
operating system, allowing users to browse and download application developed with the Android SDK and published through Google.
Google Maps is a Google service offering powerful, user-friendly mapping technology and local business information including business
locations, contact information and so on. Responsibilities:
Responsible for testing Google Play Store and Google Maps Mobile and Desktop application.
Functional Testing and Integration Testing of various mobile apps on Google Play Store.Install and performed a wide variety of Android-
based app reviews on Play Store.
Design test plans and write test cases for new product features to be launched in Play Store and Google Maps.
Report generation after manual execution of the test cases.
Developed Automation test cases using GoogleUIAutomator testing framework.
Performed Google Maps testing on various browsers(Chrome, Firefox, IE and Safari) and Mobile (Andriod and IOS) Devices.
Reviewing the data added by internal team or by external users before going live on to the Google Maps by conducting proper research.
Performed ad-hoc testing and did sanity check on the application once the date is live.
Identified, reported and tracked bugs using Buganizer tool(Google internal tool).
Managed and mentored team of 20 people and documented all the team- member's statistics and everyday performance and provided it to
my lead; guided the team in the absence of my lead.Participated in meetings with development teams to discuss and suggest improvements for the software testing process.
September 2010
 
to 
July 2011
Company Name
 
Test Engineer
Responsibilities:
Understanding of the Business requirement specifications and System requirement specifications.
Clear understanding of the user requirements.
Responsible for preparation of test data and writing Test Cases and executing them.
Responsible for developing the QTP scripts in Expert View for assigned test cases.
Writing functional and non-functional requirement test cases based of functional specification.
Participating in weekly team meetings and suggest improvements in testing process.
Preparation of daily and weekly status reports. USA Environment: Windows XP 2, SQL Server 2005, C# Testing Type: Automation
Duration: Feb 2011 to Jun 2011 Description: The purpose of this project is to automate the activities of Insurance Management System i.e.,
a person or a customer without going to the insurance office manually he is able to see the policy details, policy amounts, policy premium
dates, bonus details through online. This system is developed to maintain the database about the entire Insurance Organization details. The
main advantage of this system is that customers can access it globally with an authorized User Id and Password and make the payments at
any branch and also know their details at any branch. Banking Domain: Project Name: E-Banking System Testing Type: Manual Duration:
Sep 2010- Feb 2011 Description: This Banking Software is developed for the wide range of banking spectrum, especially for savings
account type customers. As this is a web application, the customers can access the system from anywhere with an authorized User-Id and
password. Through this mode of operation the customers can save a lot of time and avoid risks. The user can perform different operations
online like applying for checkbook, transfer funds, and view the details of the account.
Education and Training
University of Auckland
 
Software Engineering
 
Master of Engineering
 
University of Auckland Master of Engineering Studies -Software Engineering Key papers include:
High Performance Computing, System Security, Project Management and Risk Management.
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
 
Information Technology
 
Bachelor of Engineering
 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Bachelor of Engineering-Information Technology
Skills
Testing, Cases, Test Cases, Functional Testing, Integration, Integration Testing, Integrator, Android, Android Sdk, Ios, Mapping, Safari, Software
Testing, Statistics, Test Plans, Topo, Writing Functional, Engineer, Test Engineer, Writing Test, Writing Test Cases, Access, C#, Ms Sql Server,
Sql, Sql Server, Sql Server 2005, Windows Xp, Process Improvement, Retail, Retail Marketing, System Testing, Acceptance Testing, C++,
Documentation, Gis, Html, Java, Javascript, Linux, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Project, Ms Office, Performance Testing, Regression Testing,
Scripting, Self Motivated, Software Development, Structured Software, System Integration, User Acceptance, User Acceptance Testing,
Windows 8, Xml, Operations, Database, Insurance Management, Payments, B2b Software, High Performance Computing, Project Management,
Risk Management, Security, Software Engineering, System Security, Trading