SENIOR DIGITAL MARKETING ANALYST
Summary
Highly analytical and process-oriented data analyst with in-depth knowledge of 
marketing project management, data manipulation and visualization.
Furnish insights, analytics and business intelligence to advance opportunity identification, process reengineering and corporate growth. Core
Qualifications 
Market Segmentation Business Intelligence Reporting Regression Analysis Business Analysis Dashboard generation Data Mining
Data Modeling Statistical Analysis Data Experiments Project Management Process Improvement
Highlights
Power user of MS Excel, Power BI, Power Query, Power Pivot, Qlikview Desktop, Minitab, Tableau, Google Analytics, JIRA, Salesforce,
TSQL, SQL, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, MS Access, MS Visio, MS Project. In progress - R, Python.
Experience
07/2016
 
to 
Current
Senior Digital Marketing Analyst
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Design and build dashboards to help analyze, monitor and visualize key performance metrics.
ADD skills, accomplishment style.
Interpret data, extract trends and identify insights or opportunities for product decisions.
Design and monitor end-user reporting tools and systems, ensuring reports are accurate and up-to-date.
Work with internal stakeholders and teams across the company.
Accomplishment:.
A 30% increase in revenue by segmenting, resulting in an incremental $2M profit.
02/2014
 
to 
03/2016
Web Analyst
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Extracted, transformed and loaded (ETL) customer data using code that was 
Developed.
using SQL.
Built dashboards to monitor and control marketing efforts.
Helped identify and repair datasets that are incomplete, inconsistent, or require 
cleaning.
Handled internal customer data inquiries, data investigations, or other information 
requests from project teams.
Helped investigate and understand available data sources on the market to solve 
customer site content challenges.
Accomplishment:.
A 20% optimization in marketing cost by re-allocating $2M budget to profitable areas.
06/2002
 
to 
08/2005
Web Developer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Developed customized web solutions using PHP, HTML, and JavaScript for clients.
Created database structures, relationships, and data types in MySQL and MS 
Access.
Accomplishment:.
Increase of 22% in sales by increasing overall visitor traffic by over 400K.
Education
Masters of Business Administration
2013
MBA
 
University of Redlands
2011
Bachelor of Sciences
 
University of Hamburg
2007
College - Berufsschule City Nord,
Languages
English, German, Hindi, Punjabi
Skills
budget, BI, content, clients, database, English, ETL, German, Google Analytics, Hindi, HTML, PHP, JavaScript, marketing, market, MS 
Access,
MS Access, MS Excel, MS Project, Minitab, MySQL, optimization, profit, progress, Punjabi, Python, reporting, sales, SQL, Tableau, TSQL,
Visio