AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER
Summary
Retired Air Traffic Controller with more than 32 years of experience working traffic in the En Route Environment. Performed OJTI, CIC and
ERAM SME duties, specializing ERAM automaton.
Highlights
Certified En Route Air Traffic control experience.
Effective listening.
Adaptable.
Fast learner.
Strong collaborative team Member.
Application of risk-management Principles.
Learning style assessment.
Accomplishments
Preformed a comprehensive Analysis of the Federal Aviation Administrations En Route Automation Modernization (ERAM) upgrade
I was a member of the Independent Operational Assessment (IOA) team that performed a comprehensive Analysis of the ERAM upgrade
to the National Air Space System (NAS). I performed in-depth triage of ERAM anomalies at 16 different ARTCC as an ERAM Subject
Matter Expert (SME).
And at times made recommendations, for what kind of adaptations to local Automation could be made to enhance ERAMs performance at
a particular facility.
Experience
Air Traffic Controller
 
, 
08/1983
 
to 
12/2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
While working more than 32 years as an En Route Air Traffic Controller (ATCS) in the En Route environment, I maintained the safe, orderly, and
expeditious flow of air traffic in the NAS. I was an expert at various disciplines of air traffic control while maintaining at least the minimum
separation standard's, and adhering to procedures and regulation as set forth by the Federal Aviation Administration.
04/2013
 
to 
01/2015
Was a National En Route Automation Modernization (ERAM) Subject Mater Expert (SME) and visited 16 En-Route Air Traffic Control
Centers (ARTCC) and identified ERAM anomalies. In addition to documenting ERAM's undesirable process, also recommending
adaptation changes that resulted in the desired behavior for the affected facility. When not documenting ERAM anomalies, or consulting on
ERAM work-a-rounds, I conducted training of the controllers at the sectors working traffic, concerning ERAM functionality. During my
collateral duties as an IOA team member and a National ERAM SME, I was able to maintain my currency every month, and conducted
OJT.
09/2008
 
to 
04/2013
Served as a National SME on the FAA's Independent Operational Assessment (IOA) team. As a team member I collected data and
collaborated on the final report concerning the operational readiness for ERAM's National Deployment.
28 years of experience working transition sectors from domestic Air Traffic Services to Oceanic Air Traffic services. This airspace required
manual coordination on route, altitude and time estimates with Oakland Oceanic sectors; as well as establishing oceanic separation standers
for the affected flight before entering an oceanic sector. This Radar-Non Radar environment required me to correlate flight plans with
incoming and outgoing tracks, and either terminate or re-identify the flight in a Radar environment.
Worked Arrival and Departure traffic In and out of Seattle-Tacoma International Airport (SEA) for 32 years. This required closely working
with a level 5 Approach control, facilitating the separation of aircraft during the transition phase of a flight from the terminal to the En Route
environment. This requires a strong working knowledge of geography for expediting flight on their flight plans, while working within flow
control restriction, weather, and volume limitations. And before the wide acceptance of GPS navigation this required long range vectoring,
which required consideration of weather and traffic situations. Sequenced traffic for Seattle Approach (S46) from high sectors (above
FL230) and low sectors (below FL240) as well as converging routes, in sectors that were over the Cascade Mountains, which introduced
weather, and train factors.
With 28 years of experience working aircraft in a transitional phase of flight (back and forth from terminal and En Route) I have extensive
knowledge and experience with different types of route structures including the new Advanced R-NAV SID's and STAR's with their
descend and climb via phases of transitioning to and from the En Route to Terminal environment. As well as more conventional types of En
Route navigation like Jet routs, victor airway, "Q" routs, "K" fixes, as well as point-to point GPS/RNAV/ Latitude/longitude Navigation, and
conventional SID's and STAR's.
I worked daily military training flights on IR and VR routes, airspace reservation both moving ALTRAV and special Use airspace (SUA). I
have experience with Naval (P3, F18, E2, A6 and EA6 aircraft, Air force (F16, F15, F4, C17, C141, KC35, B2 and B52), Army (A10,
UH60, and AH64), and Air National Guard (F4, F15 and F16) and their missions. The sectors I was certified on had Naval, Air force, and
Army bases and a joint civilian/Air National Guard base. My experience involves clearing fighters into and recovering fighters from special
use airspace, as well as air refueling missions and helicopters for the Army back and forth from base to training grounds.Controlled cross border flights between the USA and Canada for over 32 years. Experience includes passing manual time estimates, flight
plans, and making and taking manual hand offs via voice calls. Also experience at some of the limitations of CATTS (the Canadian version
of ERAM) and ERAM's interfaces are.
Have 32 years experience providing approach control services at uncontrolled, and tower controlled airports. One of the tower-controlled
airports was Paine Field in Everett, WA. Pain field (PAE) is a key airport in the Boeing Company manufacturing process, and worked
closely with Boeing in their testing and certification process for new airplanes. Also Pain field is an airport that many new pilots would go
and do multiple practice approaches for training. This environment meant the traffic pattern at Paine field had a large variety of aircraft,
Large commercial aircraft, navy fighters and small single engine trainers, this required the 
separation and sequence the traffic but apply wake
turbulence procedures in many instances. While providing approach control services at PAE, we meet the requirements to use 3NM
separation in most of the area. This required vigilantes as to how fare the aircraft was from the RADAR antenna, and adding to the
complexity of this particular airspace, was the West side was over water, or low lying land; but the train rose very quickly to the East,
required different techniques for lost com or vectoring to the final approach course.
Preformed duties as a SME in Plans and Programs (ZSE-510) consulting on the feasibly of releasing equipment to Airways and Facilities for
maintained.
Preformed SME duties in Airspace (ZSE-520) working on letters of agreements with adjacent facilities, as well as airspace changes. During
My involvement as an Airspace SME, I was part of a team that was involved in some major sector realignments that facilitated arrivals and
departures from the South and East at SEA; as well as traffic transiting between Seattle (SEA) and Portland OR (PDX). During this
realignment we also collaborated on procedures and sector alignment for Vancouver Canada (YVR) Arrivals and Departures from the
South. Also I was also involved in the initial stages of National High Altitude Redesign.
April 1991 I was certified as a Controller in Charge (CIC). As CIC I was responsible for the same tasks that a First Line supervisor would
for dally operations. Assigning work, opening and closing sectors, handling Emergences, and approving leave and shift changes with in
prescribed guild lines.
December 1987 I was certified as an On The Job Instructor (OJTI).
November 1986 I Certified as a Certified Professional Controller (CPC) in Area C of Seattle ARTCC. Then in September 1988 I
voluntary transferred to Area A at Seattle ARTCC, and became area rated May 1989 until retirement January 2016.
Education
Safety Risk Management 
,
 
2013
On-The-Job Techniques for instructors 
,
 
1992
Controller in Charge Training (CIC)
 
,
 
1991
Recertified
June 2015
June 2014
May 2011
November 2000
On-The-Job Instructor Training
 
,
 
1987
Recertified
November 2007
November 2000
January 1992
Associate of Applied Science
 
:
 
Manufacturing Engineering 
Highline Community Collage
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Affiliations
National Air Traffic Controllers Association
Skills
En Route Air Traffic Controller: 
from August 1983 - January 2016
I am very accomplished OJTI that is able to train many different learning 
styles
Good listing skills
Good Team Member
Fast learner
Strong understanding of ATC Automation processes
strong understanding of ATC rules and procedures
Expert vectoring and speed control skills