IT CONSULTANT
Summary
Over Seven years of Software Application Development, Application Support, Testing and Implementation experience with Web based
and N-tier Architectures involving all stages of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Experience in developing Web applications in . SDLC) including requirements, logical and physical architecture modeling, design,
development, implementation, and support.
Ability to work in a fast paced, collaborative environment and handle multiple concurrent projects.
Collaborate with partners to understand high-level conceptual flow and develop prototypes to review with business partners.
Functional Domain experience involves HealthCare, Life Sciences and Transportation.
Moved to Application Support team and leading an offshore team in Triaging production related issues since six months
Experience in using Fiddler in Post Production Release Validation for monitoring Web Traffic
Hands on experience in decompiling the code from the DLL's by using dot peek tool
Achieved "Masters degree in Computer Sciences" from University of IL, Springfield
Highlights
NET framework ASP.NET, C# .NET, XML, HTML, HTTP, MS SQL Server, Web Services, ADO.NET, Entity Framework and
LINQ
Expertise skills in CSS, Java Script, Themes & Skins, User controls, Custom Controls and intrinsic state management functionality in
ASP.Net.
Experience in Object Oriented Analysis & Design (OOAD) concepts including Inheritance, Polymorphism & Abstraction.
Expert skills in ASP.NET Web Forms, State Management, Caching features, and Securing ASP.NET Web applications. Technologies
ASP.NET 2.0/3.5/4.0/4.5, Web Services, WCF, MVC 4.0, .NET MVC
Languages C#.NET, XML, HTML, JavaScript, Core Java, T-SQL
Database Access Methods ADO.Net, ODBC
Databases 
MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008/2014, Oracle 9i/10g/11g
Servers IIS 7 & 7.5
Web Programming 
ASP.NET, Java Script, HTML, CSS, AJAX, JQuery
Version Control Tools Team Foundation Server , IBM Rational Team Concert, GitHub
Reporting Tools SSRS, Crystal Reports and Business Objects
IDE Visual Studio 2005, 2008, 2010, 2012, 2013, 2015
Operating Systems Windows 98/2000/XP/Vista/7.0/8.0/8.1, MS DOS
Domain Skills HealthCare, Life Sciences, Transportation
Third Party Tools Telerik, Bootstrap, JQuery, Kendo UI, Postman Interceptor, Fiddler, dot peek, Remote Desktop Manager
Experience
IT CONSULTANT
 
July 2014
 
to 
May 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Project: Document Generation Services Description: eviCore Healthcare provides evidence-based healthcare solutions in the areas of
Radiology, Radiation Therapy, 
Cardiology, Lab Management, Oncology, Pain Management and Sleep Management.
Document Generation Services is a platform comprised of over 30 products that range from UI, Web Services, Windows Services, and
Database Systems.
The day to day maintenance for this platforms entrails building new database scripts, creating new web services, implementing new
customers onto the platform, and enhancing existing products.
The platform is currently utilized by 50+ customers and generated over 12 million documents per year Responsibilities: Develops core line of
business application software Works directly with internal consumers to identify requirements for software development Works as a .NET
developer to develop updated code for core internal services Works as a SQL developer to update internal business logic Developed grade
level reading enhancements to internal web portals (using Flesch-Kincaid Algorithm) Developed plugins for core applications using
WCF/MVC Web API Implemented Client Side scripting using JQuery.
Primary developer for internal implementations and enhancements Maintains production stability Monitors production services & servers
Works on high priority Bug fixes in Production Participates in production software releases Actively involved in projects to migrate business
logic away from database to a web service layer Participated in daily Sprint meetings with Scrum Master.
Recently moved to Application Support Team which is responsible in dealing all kinds of Production issues from all applications in the
organization and performing Root cause Analysis & fixing the bugs as per priority Environment: NET3.5, VS.NET2010, LINQ, C#, JSON,
ASP.NET, MVC, TFS, SQL Server 2008/2012, IIS6, Restful services, JavaScript, Windows 7, Angular JS, Fiddler, dot Peek, Postman
Interceptor.
IT Consultant
 
January 2010
 
to 
April 2013
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Project: COMET Description: Landauer Inc.
is the world leader in personnel radiation monitoring with a third generation proprietary state-of-the-art technology, optically stimulated
luminescence (OSL).
Landauer is the leading provider of analytical services to determine personnel exposure to occupational and environmental radiation hazards
in the workplace and home.Comet is an Agresso (ERP) application which is been developed to automate the manual process of Order Entry, Customer Service, Sales,
Finance and Laboratory.
Responsibilities: Developed and support above applications in AJAX, C#, JQuery and ASP.net.
Developed web applications Oracle and SQL Server as Data servers.
Developed the web application and all of its components using N-Tier architecture.
Separated logic for Presentation, Business and Data access tiers to accomplish n-tier.
Created complicated web interfaces to facilitate creation of reports.
Created a RESTFUL WCF Service to communicate from .NET front end application to .net service deployed in IIS.
Proficient in Configuration Management, setting up company version policies, build schedules using Team Foundation Server (TFS) 2010,
Visual Source Safe (VSS) and IBM Rational Team Concert.
Implemented Data access layer using Entity Framework Database First Technology.
Implemented Client Side scripting using JQuery.
Created and consumed WCF Services for Business Logic.
Wrote C# classes to generate excel and PDF reports.
Heavily used Ajax and Ajax controls in several projects.
Used Generics in C# to accomplish complicated business logic.
Used both Client and Server side session management as a part of the project.
Used Caching to display huge data on the web user interface.
Created classes and core modules in C# for implementing business layer.
Created Database Schema and Objects in SQL Server 2008 R2.
Created SSIS packages for data transformation for data staging.
Used CSS/Themes and Master pages to maintain styling throughout the application.
Environment: C#, ASP.NET, CSS, SQL Server 2012, Oracle 10g, IIS 7.0, JQuery, Kendo UI, ADO.NET, Net Framework, Visual
studio 2010/2012, JavaScript, Restful services, TFS, LINQ, Entity Framework.
Software Engineer
 
August 2008
 
to 
November 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
CSX Corporation, together with its subsidiaries based in Jacksonville, Fla., is one of the nation's leading transportation suppliers.
The company's rail and intermodal businesses provide rail-based transportation services including traditional rail service and the transport of
intermodal containers and trailers.
Overall, the CSX Transportation network encompasses about 21,000 route miles of track in 23 states, the District of Columbia and the
Canadian provinces of Ontario and Quebec.
Our transportation network serves some of the largest population centers in the nation.
Nearly two-thirds of Americans live within CSX's service territory.
Responsibilities: Actively participated in gathering requirements, design, and implementation.
Designed and developed web forms using ASP.NET and C#.NET.
Worked on Visual Source Safe for Version controls.
Extensively worked on HTML, DHTML, CSS and Java Script for web forms designing and validations.
Worked on Validation Controls, User Controls, Custom Controls for code reusability, and Web Server controls.
Used AJAX, XAML for providing rich UI.
Designed and developed the database using SQL Server 2005 and wrote SQL Queries, Stored Procedures, Indexes, Triggers and
Cursors.
Used ADO.NET and its Objects to communicate the SQL Server 2005 database and to access data and worked with SSIS.
SSIS was used for creating packages and automating them using SQL scheduler.
These packages are used to move data from and into SQL Server from various sources (like Excel & MS Access database) on a
scheduled basis.
Wrote Web Services using SOAP in the appropriate scenarios to communicate with other applications.
Created program to Export and Import Datasets to XML file.
Implemented Web Applications like Caching Services to boost performance and Security Services to identify users and prevent
unauthorized access.
Used Global.
Sax files to handle Global Events which are fired for different reasons.
Performed Unit Testing for ensuring the reliability of the application development.
Involved in generating management reports on overall status of module using SSRS.
Deployment of the project and the reports are done on the Testing and production servers.
Environment: Visual Studio .NET 2005/2008, C#.NET, ADO.NET, Code Dom, SQL Server 2005, Multithreading, XML, AJAX,
XAML, Java script, SQL Server 2005, Excel, 
SSIS, Web Services, 
SOAP, VSS, Crystal Reports and SSRS.
Education
Master of Science
 
: 
Computer Science
 
, 
2014
 
University of Illinois
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Computer Science
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computer Science and Engineering
 
, 
2008
 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
India
 
Computer
Science and Engineering
Accomplishments
Experience in .NET security features such as Windows-based & Web-based Authentication, Authorizing users and roles.Coded and designed User Controls and Custom Controls and implemented input validation using .NET input Validation Controls.
Designed and documented REST APIs, including JSON data formats and API versioning strategy Experience using Source Code Control
Systems like Microsoft Team Foundation Server (TFS), IBM Rational Team Concert (RTC) & Microsoft GitHub Worked extensively on
various ADO.NET objects to interact with databases such as SQL Connection Object, SQL Command Object, Data Reader, Dataset and
Data Adapter.
Expert skills in database design and development, for creating complex database queries, writing Constraints, Indexes, Views, Stored
Procedures and Functions using T-SQL in SQL Server 2005/2008/2014 
& Oracle.
Successfully followed Test Driven Development (TDD)/ Agile Methodologies.
Source Code Management, Code & Application Documentation, User Guide and Training manuals preparation experience.
Developed system that automates posting of clearing firm financial data to general ledger using Angular JS, SQL Server, HTML Experience
in configuration and setup of IIS Application Servers.
Involvement in all stages of System development lifecycle (.
Skills
.NET3.5, .NET, ASP.Net, C#.NET, C# .NET, ASP.NET 2.0, third generation, ADO, Agresso, AJAX, API, application development, art,
automate, Business Objects, Cardiology, Client and Server, Configuration Management, Crystal Reports, CSS, Client, Customer Service, Version
Control, Databases, Database, designing, Dom, DHTML, ERP, XML, features, Finance, Forms, HTML, HTTP, IBM, IDE, IIS, IIS6, IIS 7, IIS
7.0, Java, JavaScript, Java Script, JQuery, JSON, Logic, meetings, Access, MS Access, C#, Excel, Windows 7, Windows, 2000, Windows 98,
Works, Monitors, MS DOS, MVC 4.0, MVC, network, Object Oriented Analysis & Design, OOAD, ODBC, Oncology, Operating Systems,
Oracle 9, Oracle, developer, Oracle and SQL, Order Entry, Pain Management, PDF, personnel, policies, Radiology, reading, Reporting, Sales,
Scrum, Servers, scripting, scripts, SOAP, software development, Visual Source Safe, MS SQL Server, SQL, SQL Server, Therapy, T-SQL,
Transportation, user interface, Validation, Vista, Visual Studio, Web Applications, Web Programming, Web Server
Additional Information
Visa Status: Having a stamped H-1B Visa