LEVEL 2 CRITICAL PLATFORM SUPPORT ENGINEER
Career Overview
Over 7+ years of IT experience specializing in CLOUD/Aix/LINUX/Solaris and WINDOWS Administration in Production Support of various
systems on AIX 5, 6.1, Linux (RedHat and SUSE). Strong background knowledge of Networking concepts and experience in Network
Administration & Troubleshooting on AIX based systems. Experience in installation, configuration, tuning, security, backup, recovery and
upgrades of IBM AIX. Experience in Installation and configuration on IBM System P p690/p650, p5-570, p5-550,p5-55A and p6-570, RS-
6000 Servers. Experience in installation and configuration of Virtual I/O Server (VIOS) (1.5 and 2.1). Experienced in AIX Migration Installation,
Preservation Installation and Complete Overwrite Installation using CDROM and configuring NIM Server. Strong knowledge and experience in
Logical Volume Management (LVM), Storage and Disk Management Configured HACMP 4.x/5.x to monitor, disaster recovery, detect and react
to failure events, allowing the system to stay available during random, unexpected software problems and also configured to react to system events.
Experienced in Infrastructure & Support team as Linux/Cloud/ Administrator. Hands on experience on Cloud Computing. Administering all the
RHEL, RHEV and open stack cloud computing. Familiar with designing high level architecture for implementation of Hybrid Cloud. Experienced in
doing capacity planning for new AIX environments. Knowledge on AWS OpsWorks. Implementation and Administration of DHCP, NFS and
NIS on AIX. Good understanding of error logging subsystem and performance monitoring tools like vmstat, iostat, and netstat on AIX 5L.
Familiar with Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) for backup automation with policies configuration for Web based databases, setup consisted of
server and client backup with progressive backup methodology Expert in configuring a TCP/IP network on AIX, adding network routes and
debugging network related issues. Expertise in shell (korn) scripting and familiar with PERL. Excellent in troubleshooting and Maintaining AIX and
Patching. Expertise in SMIT, LVM, Mirroring, Paging Space management, job scheduling, Performance monitoring, Error logging, Diagnostics,
and Fine-tuning. Experience performing problem analysis along with recommending and implementing preventive techniques. Experience in writing
Technical documentation. Provided 24X7 support to ensure round the clock availability. Team player with excellent communication and inter-
personal skills.
Skill Highlights
Technical Skills: Operating Systems: IBM AIX (v5.3, v6.1, v7.1) Redhat Linux (v6.2,7.2,Enterprise Linux) Oracle-Solaris 10 Hardware: IBM
Blade server, HMC, HP ILO, DELL IDRAC. Vsphere 5.0 Application Server: AWS EC2,NIM, Apache, HACMP clustering, DNS, NIS,
NFS, Websphere Application Server 6.x/5.x, Websphere Portal server, Windows 2000/2003 Active Directory, Microsoft IIS Server4/5, SSL,
Distribution Server. Tools: Nagios, Tivoli, Teradata MSM, HUBEQ, ITSM, Peregrine, SSO, EURC, MQ, EMS Tibco, Sharepoint.
Professional Experience
02/2014
 
to 
Current
Level 2 Critical Platform Support Engineer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Day to Day System Administration and Monitoring in an environment
of 1800+ servers that includes CLOUD, WINDOWS and UNIX/LINUX (HPUX, AIX, LINUX, SOLARIS) envirionments, questions and
problems via telephone, FAX, and email. Researched the data base for known problems or tested the customers problem on a test system in the
same environment. Aided customer in resolving their problem. Applying monthly Patches on Windows as well as Unix boxes using HPSA (HP
Server Automation) Tool. Hands on experience on Amazon EC2 web services. Familiar with Identity Management, Access Control and other
security aspects on cloud. Experience on Hybrid cloud operations and management. Hands on experience on working with VPC & VPN
concepts in cloud. Familiar with Amazon SimpleDB web service that is used for indexing and querying the data. Hands on Experience with
different components used in AWS like Amazon S3, Amazon SQS, Amazon SimpleDB and Amazon EC2. Administering all the RHEL , RHEV
and open stack cloud computing. Familiar with designing high level architecture for implementation of Hybrid Cloud. Responsible for submitting the
requests for opening the ports to the Cloud servers. Created 50 EC2 instances for a POC effort and maintained them. Procured S3 storage
servers. Build, Configure and Install Red Hat Linux 5/6, OS on physical and virtual servers. Working on mission critical applications and
Middleware tools that includes IBM Websphere MQ, Weblogic, Tibco EMS. Monitoring and Troubleshooting applications and messaging queues
alerts. Active as an On call Resource for Windows and Unix Boxes in case of P1s and P2s or failure of hardware. Responsible for coordinating
with vendors like HP, IBM, Microsoft, Symantec, Oracle and RedHat for hardware replacement and troubleshootings. Monitoring and
Troubleshooting of various services like DNS, Domain Controllers, IIS and Application Services etc. Monitoring and Troubleshooting LAN and
WAN. Monitoring user and Databases in SQL Server and monitoring backup and replication of SQL and Oracle Databases. Installation,
configuration and administration of Windows/Unix/Linux servers. Maintain and Manage various services running in the environment which included
IIS, apache web server, Tomcat, Oracle Databases, Sybase and DB2. Working on Veritas Cluster Server and assisting and coordinating with
Application and Middleware teams for timely changes using ITSM tool. Providing Breakfix support for all the systems and OS using HP Service
Manager.
02/2013
 
to 
01/2014
Terradata Multi System Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Columbus, Ohio/Chicago, IL Feb 2013 - Jan 2014 Level 2 Unix Engineer
Providing Production Supoort Engineer for over 45000 SERVERS of AIX/LINUX/SOLARIS. Working on wide range of softwares, utilities,
applications and protocols that includes Oracle Database, Websphere, Apache, Tomcat, Netcool backup, TMSM Client (Terradata Multi System
Manager). SSH, SSL, TCP Wrappers, Tripwire. Working on ITSM Change management to upgrade and update Applications as well as
Operating Systems. Providing breakfix support on Peregrine Tickets system for Operating System as well as Applications. Mainly responsible for
DR Events for backing up and updating Prod Servers. Very good experience with GPFS, SRDF setup as well as Linux, Solaris and AIX
clustering. Working on VCS (Veritas Cluster Server) and AIX HACMP. Working on HP ILO (integrated light out), Dell Idrac, IBM HMC web
consoles. Hands on experience in VMware and Vsphere 5.0. Installed and Configured Solaris 10 by using Jumpstart server(Jet server) and also
installed and configured Linux by using Kickstart server. Involved User Administration (creating user account , password and set the password) on
Red hat Linux and Solaris. Involved in Sudo , Batch Job Administrations (cron & at)and Send mail configuration Creating File system by using
Veritas Volume Manager and Solaris volume manager and LVM Involved in Upgrading Sun Solaris 8 to Solaris 10 by using LiveUprade and
Redhat Linux 4.5 to 5.0 Involved in Upgrading Veritas Volume Manager from 4.0 to 5.0 Involved in creating and configuring Zones/Containers,
zfs filesystems in Solaris 10 environment. Responsible for day-to-day systems administration tasks in Solaris and Linux. Creating and growing
Filesystem by using Veritas Volume Manager and Solaris volume manager and CFS file systems. Installed and configured Ldoms in Sun T series.
InstalledPatches and Packages on Linux (Red Hat) servers and created filesystems by using LVM. Involved in Upgrading Sun Solaris 8 to Solaris
10 by using LiveUprade. Involved in Upgrading Veritas Volume Manager from 3.5 to 4.0 Installed and configured Media server, Master serverand Clients by using NetBackup. Involved in creating and configuring Zones/Containers, zfs filesystems in Solaris 10 environment. Configured
NFS servers on using NetApp. Worked on Backup and restore requests by using NetBackup. Responsible for creating user accounts and setup
new workstations. Involved in monitoring and troubleshooting network issues.
01/2012
 
to 
01/2013
AIX/HP-UX Administrator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Practical experience with installation, configuration, upgrade and administration of IBM pSeries and Power5 servers on various levels of
AIX 5.2, 5.3, 6.1, 7.1 and HP-UX 11.3
Responsible for Administration, Installation, Upgrading, Migration, Configuration, Troubleshooting, Security, Backup, Disaster Recovery,
Performance monitoring and Fine-tuning of AIX and HP-UX systems on different oslevels.
Configuration of NIM Master, NIM slaves and nodes installation through NIM.
Supporting a major initiative to migrate SAN storage utilized by HP-UX and AIX servers (typically large Oracle data bases, web and
application servers) across several EMC DMX arrays onto EMC VMAX array.
Participate in planning sessions to build LPARs and migrate applications.
Build LPARs and support application migration activities following build and security standards.
Support the collection of performance data via a predefined centralized collection methodology specified by IBM.
Work with DBAs on installation of Oracle, restoration and performance tuning.
Remediate any security issues uncovered by vulnerability scans.
Installation configuration and testing of VIO Server with AIX 5.3, 6.1 on client LPAR's on 550, 570 and p590, p595 model and using
NPIV.
Installed and maintained IBM Tivoli Storage Manager (TSM) for Backups and data storage.
Aid in the installation or consolidation of applications, developing system administration scripts, planning version release upgrades and
patches, security administration.
Working various shifts, including weekends, based on the business requirements for off hour's downtime during migrations.
Configured backup/archive policies using backup utility and mksysb images of root volume group to meet data archiving requirements and
disaster recovery readiness.
Responsible for administration and troubleshooting 4 node HACMP cluster on which ORACLE RAC was installed and containing 34 TB
of EMC SAN storage.
Performing System Storage management/LVM tasks like creating volume groups, PV's, LV's and jfs/jfs2 File systems, mirroring, and
mounting file systems.
Monitoring, troubleshooting, supporting and fix operating system and hardware problems on several versions of UNIX systems.
Generated reports to show the trends of resource utilization user/CPU/network load/memory.
Document UNIX configurations for hand-off to production support team.
Attending meetings and analyzing information obtained from management to conceptualize and define operational problems.
Experience in upgrading HMC.
Assisted other Unix administrators when help was needed (i.e., creating UNIX accounts, writing scripts to perform system administrator
functions, responding to trouble tickets, etc).
Coordinated server maintenance through a well-defined change control process including after hours and weekend (Sunday) work as
necessary to support systems.
Performed Firmware level upgrades for the Ethernet/fibre card adapters.
Installation of patches, APARS, Security fixes, packages on AIX servers.
01/2011
 
to 
12/2011
AIX/Linux Administrator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for maintaining and administering 100 production IBM pSeries AIX 5.3/6.1 servers.
Giving the Level 2/3 support and assisting the team members in fixing/troubleshooting the AIX software problems.
Performed IBM AIX 5.3/6.1 System installation and configuration, problem determination, solutions design and implementation,
maintenance, performance tuning, disk mirroring using LVM, backup, disaster recovery, trouble shooting and user management.
Setting up NIM master server and clients for New & Complete Overwrite/Migration Installation management using alternate disk installation
method.
Performed AIX Migration of AIX 5.2 to 5.3 and 6.1 on Power7 p-770/750, p6 p570/550 and p5 p550/520/505s Servers & hardware
Migration from one hardware to another in a Virtualized environment.
Installed and Configured Dual VIOS 2.1.Created Virtual SCSI server and client adapters. Created Shared Ethernet adapter (SEA) with
Control Channel adapter and the SEA Failover. Mapped the disks from the SAN to the VIO clients through VIO servers.
Performed VIOS Migration from VIOS 1.3/1.5 to 1.5/2.1 and VIOS 2.1 to 2.2 Upgrades.
Planned & Executed Migration of HACMP 5.4 to HACMP 5.5 using Node-by-Node migration without changing the cluster setup,
Configured disk heart beat for the HACMP cluster, Dynamically added removed resource groups in a HA cluster.
Installed software using Installp applying PTFs, Microcodes, updating PMRs, downloading Filesets, ODM, LVM and Disk Management.
Responsible for analyzing vendor security patch notifications and applying the security patches Quarterly.
Performed the daily system administration tasks like managing system resources, writing scripts, and end users support, operations and
security.
Performed routine checks on nodes by monitoring syslogs and error logs for system and hardware errors.
Extensively used LVM - created VGs, LVs, FSs and disk mirroring for IBM p-series servers.
Installed and configured the SAN LUN under the Multipath software Hitachi HDLM and IBM MPIO.
Installed and configured IBM Tivoli Network Storage Manager (TSM) client & Server software backup and recovery solutions.Configuration and Administration of DNS, NFS, DHCP, FTP, Samba Servers and clients. Security layers like SSL, SSH, HTTPS, SFTP.
Updated documentation of all the Servers and the installed applications and patches.
Providing 24X7 On-call Production and Customer Support including trouble shooting problems related to IBM AIX pSeries servers.
01/2009
 
to 
11/2010
AIX/Linux Administrator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Working in 100+ IBM servers Environment such as IBM RS/6000, p670, p5-570, p5-595 servers running AIX 4.3.3, 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3
Setup and configured TCP/IP network on LINUX and AIX.
Working with implementation team of high availability cluster on IBM RS/6000 platform (HACMP for AIX)
Creating LPARS and configuration of DLPAR scripts for load sharing
Installation and configuration of network services such as NFS, NIS and DNS Server
Adding physical volumes, creation Volume groups, File systems, Storage allocation, cron jobs, maintenance levels upgrades and applied
Fixes for AIX 5.x
Configuring volume groups and logical volumes, extending logical volumes for file system growth using Logical Volume Manager (LVM)
commands
Working in the migration team for migration from AIX 4.3.3, 5.1 to 5.2 and 5.3.
Configuring backup/archive policies using Tivoli Storage Manager
Modifying Korn and Bourne shell scripts to automate administration tasks like customizing user environment and performance monitoring.
Performing routine checks on nodes by monitoring syslogs and errorlogs for system and hardware errors.
Setup cron jobs schedules for various backup and monitoring tasks. supported with enterprise backups using Veritas Nebackup version 4.5
Installing, configuring and administrating Websphere Application Server 4.x/5.0
Installation/Administration of TCP/IP, NIS/NIS+, NFS, DNS, NTP, Auto mounts, Send mail and Print servers as per the client's
requirement.
Performing extensive Logical Volume Management (LVM) tasks.
Installing and configuring SUDO for users to access the root privileges.
Installing application connectivity software to enable IBM print services. Configuring and administrating firewall rules, including the use of
SNORT, NMAP to effectively monitor system files, port security, and network traffic activity coming through the firewall.
Developing Korn and Bash shell-scripts to automate routine activities.
Installing and setting up Oracle9i on Linux for the development team.
09/2007
 
to 
11/2008
UNIX/AIX Linux System Engineer
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Data center support for AIX (5.3/6.1)/Linux (red-hat enterprise (4/5) ) platforms
Monitoring TIBCO, Java and Oracle application running on UNIX server
Analyzing the issues with the application and perform action to fix it, by interacting responsible person's
Administration, Troubleshooting and monitoring AIX /Linux servers running business critical application like WEBSPHERE(WAS) 6.x,/7.x
IBM DB2, oracle10g/11g, Apache TOMCAT, JBOSS, ORACLEAPP, Blade logic & JAVA
Responsible for designing, Implementing disaster recovery planning and policies in VIO sever (Aix 5.3/ 6.1) and VMWARE (Redhat Linux)
environment
Closely working with application teams on ORACLE, WEBSPHERE, JAVA, JBOSS, Apache Tomcat and XML
Applying the Security patches and doing all the change management
Managing legato net backup and TSM storage server
Responsible for managing Cisco, hp router, switches and terminal server
Perform migration from AIX 5.3 TO 6.1 and LINUX REDHAT ES 4.0 TO 5.0
Responsible for building Testing, development and production server
Supporting Linux RedHat in High Availability web environment
Prepare documentation for all procedures and actions
Developed KSH, AWK, SED & PERL scripts to perform automatic administration tasks
Design, Implement, and maintain multiple, 570,595 DLPARs, virtualization input output server (VIOS) using HMC
Hands on experience with VMware ESX, Virtual Center Server & VM cloning in a SAN environment
Ensuring systems security and data recovery is always maintained.
Setup and maintenance of several EMC Clariion, VMAX array, symmentix storage server(CX300/CX700 and many more ), IBM and
NETAPPs storage
Configuring and Administrating NIM, NFS, NIS &LDAP server
Managing AIX, Redhat Linux logical volume manager (LVM) and veritas volume manager (VXVM(/4.x/5.x))
Installed SSH and IPsec on 2600 server as well as upgrades EMC power path
Responsible for maintain Disaster Recover procedure and Policies
Working as team lead on many project
Installation third party application on LINUX /IBM boxes using NFS and NIM
Installing, configuring and troubleshooting HACMP cluster in production environment
Monitor hardware and software using customize tool which develop by Comverse
7 x 24 support to an engineering/programming community of 100+ users on customer site
EducationB .S
 
: 
Computer Science
 
B .S (Computer Science )
Certifications
CFS RAC FSs
Skills
Aix, Security, Linux, Hacmp, Veritas, Websphere, Maintenance, Network File System, Nfs, Oracle, Unix, Systems Administration, Dns, Veritas
Volume Manager, Volume Manager, File, File Systems, Tivoli, Apache, Engineer, Tomcat, System Administration, Disaster Recovery, San,
Storage Area Network, Tsm, Access, Nis, Backups, Lpars, Tivoli Storage Manager, Tcp, Db2, Tibco, Emc, Emc Vmax, Testing, Vmax, Cluster
Server, Operations, Red Hat, Solaris, Veritas Cluster Server, Change Management, Vmware, Documentation, Ethernet, Performance Tuning,
Pseries, Clients, Ssl, Application Server, Bash, Bourne Shell, Dns Server, Firewall, Korn, Nmap, Rs/6000, Shell Scripts, Snort, Tcp/ip, Access
Control, Amazon Ec2, Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud, Amazon S3, Amazon Simple Queue Service, Amazon Simple Storage Service, Amazon
Sqs, Architecture, Aws, Databases, Ec2, Identity Management, Iis, Internet Information Services, Lan, Middleware, Ms Sql Server, Replication,
Sql, Sql Server, Sybase, Symantec, Telephone, Unix/linux, Vpn, Web Server, Web Services, Weblogic, Awk, Cisco, Clariion, Cloning, Data
Center, Data Recovery, Disaster Recovery Planning, Emc Clariion, Emc Power Path, Internet Protocol Security, Ipsec, Java, Jboss, Ksh, Legato,
Net Backup, Perl, Power Path, Production Environment, Recovery Planning, Router, Sed, Systems Security, Team Lead, Terminal Server,
Unix/aix, Veritas Net Backup, Virtual Machine, Virtualization, Vm, Xml, Archiving, Business Requirements, Change Control, Collection, Data
Archiving, Dmx, Emc Dmx, Firmware, Hp-ux, Jfs, Migrations, Resource Utilization, Security Administration, Storage Management, Trouble
Tickets, Ux, Accounts And, Clustering, Database, Emc Srdf, Netapp, Netbackup, Netcool, Peregrine, Srdf, Sun, Tripwire, Workstations,
Customer Support, Dhcp, Ftp, Msvc, Network Storage, Odm, Scsi, Secure File Transfer Protocol, Sftp, Solutions, System Installation, Active
Directory, Capacity Planning, Job Scheduling, Logging, Microsoft Sharepoint, Microsoft Windows, Msm, Nagios, Network Administration,
Networking, Scheduling, Scripting, Sharepoint, Single Sign On, Sso, Switch Capacity, Team Player, Technical Documentation, Teradata, Web
Based, Windows 2000, Writing Technical