ENGINEERING MANAGER
Profile
Dedicated Engineering Manager with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills demonstrated by over 25 years of experience.
Skills
Windows XP Professional (Word Excel and Outlook) and Internet.
Project management
Process improvement
Accomplishments
Testing, Evaluation and Analysis:
 Â 
Tested equipment to ensure compliance.
Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.
Project Management
 Â 
Supervised project production efforts to ensure projects were completed to company standards, on time and within budget constraints.
Professional Experience
Engineering Manager
 
11/2010
 
to 
02/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Directed the installation, testing, operation, maintenance, and repairs of equipment.
Trained mechanics on standard operating procedures and coordinate preventive maintenance programs.
Responsible for remodeling 
projects, making detailed plans to accomplish goals and direct the integration of technical activities.
Worked closely with management, front desk, food & beverage, security, and housekeeping staff 
in regards to room and common areas
activities and issues.
Responsible for safety, health, fire, and emergency systems to comply with municipal and federal regulations.
Managed numerous projects simultaneously within budgetary restrictions.
Prepared accurate specifications for purchase of materials and equipment for 
purchasing department.
Collaborated with the Director of Engineering regarding design parameters for 
projects.
Resolved part and assembly discrepancies.
Assistant Superintendent
 
04/2003
 
to 
10/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for the maintenance and repairs of 600 residential units.
Assisted the Superintendent in maintaining the physical integrity of the building.
Involved in ensuring a safe, secure and comfortable living environment for residents.
Handled the daily building inspections for damages and cleanliness.
Performed electrical and plumbing work as needed.
Conducted preventive maintenance of low-pressure oil boiler and ancillary equipment.
Supervised a staff of nine (doormen and porters) in the evenings.
Repaired or replaced defective equipment, components or wiring of window air conditioning units and 3-tons systems.
Prepared estimates for work orders and request material required to complete jobs.
Ensured that adequate supplies are in stock for emergency repairs and preventive maintenance.
Completed daily reports of work performed, problems, unusual occurrences, materials expended for billing and recordkeeping purposes.
Suite Attendant
 
12/1994
 
to 
03/2003
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Served eighty-nine luxury suites during Knicks, Rangers, concerts, circus and private events.
Acted as the liaison between Madison Square Garden Club Suites Service Department and guests.
Assisted in the coordination of corporate parties.
Assistant Superintendent
 
10/1990
 
to 
09/2000
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted in the maintenance of 47 residential units.
Repaired all physical damages to apartments.
Responsible for conducting all plumbing and electrical wiring.
Education and Training
Type your own
 
2016
 
Trade School
Coursework in [Course Name]
Languages
Fluent in SpanishSkills
Billing, blueprints, carpentry, detail-oriented, electrical wiring, engineer, HVAC, materials, Excel, Outlook, window, Windows XP, Word, Oil,
painting, Plumbing, read, repairs, safety, Soldering, Fluent in Spanish, Welding, wiring