CONSTRUCTION AND SITE MANAGER / SITE EXECUTION COORDINATOR
Summary
Registered Professional Engineer with extensive experience in global project and construction management. 
Team player adept at building
relationships and communicating with multi-national project personnel, contractors, management, and other stakeholders. 
Resourceful problem
solver capable of making sound decisions under pressure. 
Self-starter skilled in guiding challenging, high-workload projects from inception to
turnover-safely, on schedule, and within budget-despite limited resources. 
Proficient with Microsoft Office and Adobe Pro. 
Expertise
encompasses: *Bid & Specification Preparation *Contract Negotiations *Profit & Loss Responsibility *Budget Administration/Development
*Expense Control and management *Leader Worksite Safety *Team Building & Mentoring *Workflow Planning *Facility Management &
Maintenance *Civil, Environmental & Structural Engineering *Refinery, Water & Wastewater Pipelines *Management of Change (MOC)
*Knowledge of various codes/standards (API, ASTM, AISC, DOT CFR 192 & 195, PSM) *Engineering, Refining, Offshore/Inland Water
Projects *Project Scope development and management *Process Hazard Analyses (PHA) leader/participant *Pipeline Hot Tap & Stopple
Skills
Project management
Construction Management
Team Building
Cost and Schedule control
Bid & Specification 
Preparation
Contract 
Negotiations
Profit & 
Loss Responsibility
Budget administration/Development
Expense Control 
and management
Engineering, 
Refining, Offshore/Inland Water
Projects
Interpersonal communication skills
Excellent written and verbal skills
Excellent communication skillsÂ 
Leader Worksite 
Safety
Team Building 
& Mentoring
Workflow 
Planning
Facility 
Management & Maintenance
Civil, 
Environmental & Structural Engineering
Refinery, Water 
& Wastewater Pipelines
Management of 
Change (MOC)
Knowledge of 
various codes/standards (API, ASTM, AISC, DOT CFR 192 &
195, PSM
Project Scope development 
and management
Process Hazard 
Analyses (PHA) leader/participant
Pipeline Hot 
Tap & StoppleÂ 
Accomplishments
USPCI/Laidlaw Environmental Services: Cut annual maintenance/repair/replacement costs by $750K+ through process improvements and
contract negotiations.
Phillips Petroleum Company: Saved $2M in landfill engineering and construction (hazardous/non-hazardous); saved $1M in liner
installations; cut annual refinery road paving costs $500K; completed construction of a 199-foot flare tower three months early; managed
five design and three fabrication yards for the jacking of the $500.
Experience
03/2005
 
to 
07/2016
Construction and Site Manager / Site Execution Coordinator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Held responsibility for Flare And Relief Modifications (FARM), the largest Brownfield offshore project in company history; the $1B
initiative involved installing ten flare booms and making major platform and piping modifications.
Oversaw design and field works in Angola.
Assisted in defining management of change (MOC) terms as well as developing and negotiating contracts.
Directed a large international workforce comprising more than 350 contractors, Angolan, and company employees.
Provided onshore and offshore construction of 14 offshore platforms and a 24-inch pipeline.
Boosted production by almost one million barrels of oil while meeting a corporate and World Health Organization (WHO) objective to
reduce flaring.
Achieved ~8.7 million safe man-hours without a day away from work (DAFW) and with a record-setting total recordable incident rate
(TRIR) of 0.18.
Planned and executed multiple platform shut-ins ahead of schedule and at lower than predicted production loss volumes.
Completed the project $100K under budget and within corporate milestones while delivering cost savings of $250M.
Demonstrated consistent ability to lead functional departments in a matrix organization, manage multiple priorities and deadlines, and
communicate effectively at all levels of the organization.
Provided construction input on pipelines and subsea wellhead flow lines for the new $8B Rosebank floating production storage and
offloading (FPSO) vessel, to be operated in some of the world's worst climate conditions, the North Atlantic.
Interacted daily with 100+ operations, marine, safety, and contractor design team members from Korea and the US.
Prepared bid packages and contract documents.
Led construction, quality assurance/quality control (QA/QC), and systems completion teams with a staff of eight.
Negotiated contracts with three Korean shipyards and ensured deliverables met contract specifications on time and within established
budget.
Served on a select four-person team that secretly negotiated a $2B single-source international contract that delivered estimated savings of
$750M to the company.
Directed all aspects of operations, including business, safety, engineering, planning, budgeting, site fabrication, and QA/QC of five modulestotaling $2.5B for the Mafumeira Sul project in South Korea.
Oversaw review and approval of marine plans, execution plans, Risk Management Plans (RMPs), HAZIDs, Process Safety Management
(PSM) and Process Safety Risk Assessments (PSRs).
Directed a total workforce of 3,000+, including 145 company office personnel.
Drove efforts to minimize production loss, costs, and downtime as well as heighten safety awareness.
Met project milestones for load-out of modules, in part by motivating the shipyard to hire additional staff.
03/2001
 
to 
03/2005
Senior Project Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Organized and led a newly established project management group, pointOne.
Assisted sales in securing new projects.
Negotiated contracts between the company and clients, outlining group duties.
Saved a large client $1M on the design and construction of new shutdown valves and piping.
Developed a successful proposal for a $200M US government contract to repair pipelines in post-war Iraq.
Drafted the proposal and preliminary design that led to a project to complete a 90-inch water main re-route at Chicago-O'Hare Airport,
preventing long-term water disruption to five cities.
Guided the group to deliver $2M in revenue annually within two years of startup.
Project and Construction Management Consultant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Spearheaded engineering and construction projects for clients throughout Oklahoma and Louisiana, including Mobil, Continental Carbon,
Envirotech, and Phillips Petroleum.
Ensured fabrication and construction compliance to engineering drawings, standards, specifications, and quality assurance guidelines.
Provided engineering and construction of thermal oxidizers and a plant water pipeline.
Averted legal and community issues by leveraging right-of-way (ROW) expertise in advising a company not to lay its new pipeline in the
proposed routing.
Improved the productivity of a four-tank weld-out by modifying work crew organization and methods.
Prepared a budget and presentation for a client that led to a new water line and elevated tanks; developed the bid package and contract for
long-term maintenance of the five elevated water tanks.
Led construction for several small inland water projects, a new production barge, and offshore platform modifications, extending a two-
month contract to four years.
Commended by clients for completing projects under budget and on time.
07/2016
 
to 
Current
Consulting Project and Construction Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Provide various clients with project and construction management
services as required.
Education and Training
Master of Science
 
: 
Civil Engineering
 
University of Missouri
 
Civil Engineering
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Civil Engineering
 
University of Arkansas
 
Civil Engineering
Transportation Worker Identification Credential (TWIC), Transportation Security Administration (TSA)/United States Coast Guard (USCG)
Global Entry Card, United States Customs and Border Protection Capital Stewardship and Organizational Capabilities (CSOC) Supreme
Certified, Chevron Corp - PMI/PMP developed Operational Excellence (OE) certified
Activities and Honors
Professional Engineering Licenses - Arkansas, Missouri, Kansas, Texas, Oklahoma, Illinois, Massachusetts, Arkansas, NCEES
Industry Affiliations - American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE), Concrete Reinforcing Steel Institute (CRSI)Â 
Hold TWIC certificate
Skills
budgeting, budget, contracts, negotiating contracts, client, clients, design and construction, functional, government, Korean, legal, office, works, oil,
Organizational, personnel, project management, proposal, quality assurance, QA, quality control, Risk Management, routing, Safety, sales,
Transportation, weld