Marilyn Hunter
Summary
Focused on providing professional service and support to every office visitor. Diligent about scheduling appointments, managing packages and
routing mail to recipients. Positive nature with excellent people skills.
Flexible hard worker ready to learn and contribute to team success.
Skills
Behavior modeling
Compliance
Leadership
Teambuilding
Work ethic
Multitasking
Active listening
Troubleshooting
Individualized care
Multi-line telephone skills
Office equipment operations
Organization and efficiency
Meticulous and organized
Security understanding
Experience
Substitute Teacher
 
|
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
|
 
08/2015
 
- 
03/2020
Enforced classroom routines to keep students on schedule and operating at consistent level.
Implemented lesson plans assigned by classroom teacher to educate students about key concepts.
Provided notes and reports on school day activities to primary teacher.
Requested as substitute teacher based on excellent referrals and trusted performance.
Engaged students in discussions to promote interest and drive learning.
Educated students in various subjects to provide seamless transition during absence of head teacher.
Maintained student attendance and assignment records to prevent lapses during teacher absences.
Differentiated classroom and small group instruction to meet needs of students with various learning styles and abilities.
Helped students build learning and study skills to achieve educational goals.
Engaged students and boosted understanding of material using focused instructional strategies and hands-on activities.
Reported problem students to principal to maintain control of classroom.
Managed high school classrooms during teacher absences.
Stayed up to date with current regional curriculums to maintain readiness for long- and short-term substitute jobs.
Oversaw pop quizzes, material exams and standardized tests to facilitate instruction.
Assigned homework to students based on curricula and modified based on daily progress.
Promoted learning by leveraging traditional and modern instructional strategies.
Created lesson plans to address requirements of state curriculum.
Led group sessions to reinforce concepts and applications of course content.
Assisted fellow teachers with assignment development, special projects, tests, administrative updates and grading.
Recorded attendance data to report to program managers.
Taught reading, language arts, mathematics and other subjects utilizing course of study adopted by Board of Education.
Administered quizzes and tests and documented grades to support accurate record-keeping.
Taught students during teacher absences and kept up with lesson plans and student assignments.
Substituted for teachers to practice handling classrooms of students.
Elementary Computer Teacher
 
|
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
|
 
08/1999
 
- 
09/2002
Created tests and assignments to assess student knowledge of presented coursework and lecture materials.
Facilitated computer lab sessions, supervising such tasks as penetration testing, coding and script creation.
Developed lectures addressing variety of computer science topics to engage and educate students.
Built and expanded knowledge of IT trends by attending professional events, including workshops, seminars and conferences.
Assisted students with developing thesis topics by offering suggestions and contacting appropriate research sources.
Instructed students on use of technology tools and equipment as well as methods for accessing information.
Set up and maintained classroom computers and equipment.
Provided instruction on professional technology use and web etiquette.
Devised project-based assignments to create opportunity for hands-on practice and skill building.
Scored student assignments to measure comprehension.
Attended seminars and workshops to discover latest advances in computer education.
Crafted educational, straightforward and visually appealing slideshow presentations to guide lectures.
Evaluated and adjusted course curriculum based on student overall performance and assessments.
Receptionist
 
|
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
|
 
08/1998
 
- 
06/1999
Scheduled and confirmed appointments.
Answered and directed incoming calls using multi-line telephone system.
Delivered administrative support to team members, including making copies, sending faxes, organizing documents and rearranging schedules.Maintained daily calendars, set appointments with clients and planned daily office events.
Sorted incoming mail and directed to correct personnel each day.
Oversaw office inventory by restocking supplies and submitting purchase orders.
Screened and verified visitors for identification credentials and purpose of visit to maintain security of personnel and office environment.
Prepared packages for shipment by generating packing slips and setting up courier deliveries.
Directed and oversaw office personnel activities.
Answered phone calls, provided information to callers and connected callers to appropriate people.
Welcomed patrons to front desk and engaged in friendly conversations while conducting check-in process.
Managed customer complaints and rectified issues to complete satisfaction.
Managed office paperwork, including scanning documents and routing business correspondence.
Pulled and organized requested documentation.
Greeted visitors and directed them to appropriate areas, verifying reasons for visit and verified information.
Determined needs of visitors and provided information or solutions.
Signed for packages, recorded all deliveries and distributed to personnel.
Delivered key administrative support to coworkers, taking on additional tasks during peak times.
Maintained accurate bookkeeping of important files and ran reports and delivered updates on occupancy and revenues to supervisor.
Maintained office safety by screening visitors, updating logs and issuing temporary passes.
Education and Training
Albany State University 
|
 
City
 
, 
State
 
|
 
05/1986
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Psychology