TAX EXAMINING CLERK
Summary
Driven claim specialist bringing 10 years experience in the field of insurance with an emphasis on automobile claims.Trained in all aspects of
insurance property and liability claims. Employs high-level negotiation skills in resolving claims to the satisfaction of all involved parties. Analytical
thinker and innovative problem solver.
Highlights
Property and liability claims adjusting
Thorough in critical thinking
Analyze problems and develop favorable solutions
Time management and organization
Proficient in math, computer skills and Excel, Word and Access programs
Effective interpersonal, listening and communication skills
Multi-task and prioritize
Pacify irate people
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2013
 
to 
June 2015
 
Tax Examining Clerk
 
City
 
, 
State
Adjust tax liability on1040X amended returns.
Take corrective actions to process and close a case, such as adjusting taxpayer's account, penalties or credits, and computing tax liability.
Research pertinent tax data through IDRS, databases, accounting records and available relevant systems.
Assign case referrals requiring further examination per the tax code.
Recognize indications of tax fraud.
Process statute and potential statute cases, and ensure that all statutes are correct.
Recognize problem areas with reference material and offer solutions.
Maintain a fully successfully level processing over 11.2 documents per hour with virtually a 100% accuracy rate.
Company Name
 
September 1997
 
to 
December 2010
 
Business Owner/Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed the operational activities of a dairy distribution business.
Maximized company revenue by creating databases and spreadsheets to improve inventory control and cost-and-risk analysis.
Maintained account plans for 100 customer accounts.
Improved communication efficiency as primary liaison for customers and vendors.
Maintained high levels of customer satisfaction through offering after-hour deliveries and preserving positive customer rapport.
Identified key growth opportunities for the business through expansion of our product line and delivery area.
Leveraged knowledge of customers and market trends to successfully market our suppliers' products.
Coordinated Customer and Vendor orders.
Prepared procedural material for employees.
Wrote correspondence for business proposals and collection.
Renegotiated payment terms with dozens of suppliers.
Verified details of transactions, including funds received and total account balances.
Calculated figures such as discounts and credits.
Suggested process improvements to secure prompt and regular receipts for the company.
Deposited third party checks, as well as monthly reserve transfers.
Researched and resolved billing and invoice problems.
Scheduled deliveries.
Conducted month-end balance sheet reviews and reconciled any variances.
Communicated with customers via phone, email and in person to obtain payments on outstanding accounts.
Company Name
 
September 1990
 
to 
February 2000
 
Claim Specialist
 
City
 
, 
State
Process first and third-party auto liability and property damage claims in accordance with laws, regulations and policies.
Reduced loss ratios through fair and prompt processing of claims.
Identified and collected evidence and determined its value to a specific claim.
Interviewed claimants, witnesses, medical and vehicle specialists, 
and law enforcement to determine pertinent claim information.
Gathered detailed information and completed field investigations.
Coordinated with attorneys and testified at criminal proceedings.
Conducted claim and estimate re-inspections.
Analyzed repair estimates.
Obtained all necessary information to complete proper evaluation of property and injury claims.
Contacted injured parties and legal representatives to negotiate final settlements for claims.
Communicated with insured and claimants to explain computations.
Interpret policy and explain appropriate coverages to insureds and claimants.Offer company solutions to improve claim closures.
Evaluate and negotiate total losses and Bodily Injury claims.
Access available resources via the computer and/or storage files.
Inspect property to determine damages.
Recognize potential subrogation and prepare files accordingly.
Trained and mentored 3 new members of the claim staff.
Company Name
 
January 1986
 
to 
January 1988
 
Customer Service Representative
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed the receptionist area, including greeting visitors and responding to telephone and in-person requests for information.
Maintained electronic and paper files.
Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.
Dispersed incoming mail to correct recipients throughout the office.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.
Verified that information in the computer system was up-to-date and accurate.Answered customers' questions and addressed problems and
complaints in person and via phone.
Helped customers select products that best fit their personal needs.
Educated customers on product and service offerings.
Balanced the needs of multiple customers simultaneously in a fast-paced retail environment.
Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management.
Cashiering.
Research and resolve customer problems.
Programmed and repaired pagers.
Processed shipments and maintained organized stock shelves.
Computed sales prices, total purchases and processed payments.
Wrote reports and correspondence from dictation and handwritten notes.
Experience
Investigated and resolved claims using uncover and supply necessary facts to resolve the claim. Evaluated all evidence with the ultimate goal of
creating positive outcomes for client's claims.
Chronology
Company Name
 
Tax Examining Clerk
 
City
 
, 
State
Education
California State University of San Bernardino
 
Bachelor of Science Degree
 
: 
Computer Science
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
San Bernardino
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.13
Computer Science GPA: 3.13
Skills
accounting, Accounts Payable and Receivable, Cashiering, CA, CPT, Data entry, databases, ICD-9, Inspect, Inventory Control, Access,
Microsoft Access, Excel, policies, profit, programming, proposals, Reconciling, maintain files, Research, sales, San, Scheduling, tax, telephone