CORPORATE ACCOUNTANT
Summary
I am a highly motivated, hardworking College Graduate with hands on experiences in daily accounting practices looking to obtain a position with a
company where I can utilize my analytical abilities and professional skills acquired through academic preparation and work experience. I am an
accounting professional recognized for my self-starting abilities and skilled in regulatory reporting,accounting operations and tax accounting. I am
matriculate, results-oriented and solution-focused individual with great motivational and leadership qualities that work extremely well under
pressure in a team setting as well as on my own. Areas of personal strengths include but are not limited to:
Highlights
Organizational Skills
Communication Skills
Time Mgmt. Skills
Great Motivator
Analytical Abilities
Reliable
Delegation of Duties
Multitasking Abilities
Work Ethics
Problem Solver
Prioritizing Ability
Self Starter
Punctual
SAP
Microsoft Great Plains
QuickBooks
Microsoft Outlook Familiarity
Microsoft Access Knowledge
Analytical reasoning
Financial statement analysis
Strength in regulatory reporting
Compliance testing knowledge
Understands foreign tax reporting
Budget forecasting expertise
Account reconciliation expert
Complex problem solving
Strong organizational skills
SEC and call reporting proficiency
General ledger accounting
Superior research skills
Flexible team player
Advanced computer proficiency
In depth familiarity with Microsoft Excel
Microsoft Word Proficiency
Microsoft Power Point
Microsoft Publisher Knowledge
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Corporate Accountant 
04/2013
Prepare accurate and timely financial statements and supporting financial information.
Prepare daily journal entries and general ledger account reconciliations.
Prepare and analyze monthly/quarterly/annual financial statements and management reports accurately and in a timely manner.
Record and maintain fixed asset purchases and applicable depreciation and amortization schedules.
Prepare variance analysis to budget and forecast. Support in compilation of annual and periodic budget information.
Prepare and maintain in good standings and according to GAAP standards various marketing schedules in various currencies.
Review, code and process employee expense report in multiple countries and currencies.
Assist in meeting Tax Compliance including, Annual Corporate Tax Filings and Regulatory Local and International Certifications.
Prepare and reconcile monthly Goods and Services entries.
Reconcile all corporate banking transactions.
Complete monthly cash flow analysis.
Perform daily routines and month end procedures.
Respond to various queries and requests from external/internal auditors.
Ensure GAAP are being applied appropriately.
Prepare timely and accurate Net Assets Values, yields, distributions, and other fund accounting outputs for subsequent review.
Prepare intercompany netting (off-set warrants) for the affiliate companies.
Record accurately, and in accordance of the department policies and procedures, such accounting records as securities positions, corporate
actions related, and journal entries.
Reconcile various accounts, or review reconciliations prepared by others, and promptly researching and correct any variances.
Identify exceptions and problems affecting accounting records and prices, efficiently communicating same to management, and actively
assisting in their proper resolutions.
Assist, as assigned, in preparing audit schedules, compliance reports, N-SARs, tax returns, financial statements, or other reports. Write
detailed reports periodically to management on company activities and other related issues.
Research, as assigned, certain assets in fund portfolios for the purpose of ensuring proper accounting treatment (such as the nature of the
distributions, original issue discounts, and international valuations) and compliance with SEC, tax, and prospectus restrictions and limitations.
Institutional accountings processes also include preparing, reconciling, and distributing entity reports to/from marketing, separate custodians
and investment management.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accountant
 
05/2011Responsible for the preparation of financial statements for owners review, company partners and investors, as well as outside auditors.
Perform monthly analysis of general ledger account activity;record journal entries and accruals, calculate variances to forecast future trends
in the market; perform reconciliation of various accounts, fixed asset administration and depreciation expense allocation; record various
employee benefit accounting.
Supervision of accounts payable process and accounts receivable billing process, Payroll input and reviews to outside payroll vendor.
Provide tax compliance support as needed for various government and state reporting agencies - CAT and Sales and Use Tax.
Maintenance of various spreadsheets to support financial transactions and analysis and verification of various business related expenses.
Bank and credit cards reconciliations and various treasury functions, including bank liaison and cash flow management between various
bank accounts.
Employee reimbursements and allocations.
Assist in preparation of audit papers for year end audits with outside auditors. Participate in the annual budget preparation for the Company
and interim forecasting.
Respond to internal employee and external customer requests as appropriate.
Assist in executing company policies and compliance procedures.
Other accounting duties or supervision of duties as assigned.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Accountant
 
07/2012
 
to 
04/2013
Record daily field reports and timesheets data, and compare job cost budget to actuals.
Prepare quotes, proposals, estimates and comparisons of cost due to material differences, prepare monthly billings based on percentage
completed, invoice preparation, post payments, prepare, submit time and material invoices, make billing, collection calls, manage accounts
receivable aging - track billings, report projected weekly cash receipts, report status on overdue accounts - track and replenish inventory,
obtain management signatures on progress, lien wavers and submit them to customers, resolve account discrepancies, prepare bank
deposits, manage retention billing and follow-up.
Process invoices for payment - match invoices to POs and packing slips, research, reconcile information to resolve variances, enter
approved payables, prepare, run and match checks, sort and file paid invoices, reconcile purchase card transactions and reimbursements on
expense reports, manage reimbursements and pay in accordance to the company's policies, prepare manual checks as needed, monitor and
reconcile monthly statements, maintain vendor records, prepare and process tax payments, make 401(k), insurance and various employee
benefit deposits online on a weekly basis.
Process weekly payroll for both office and field employees, including payroll data gathering, verification and input based on time sheets,
daily field reports, GPS trackers, payroll deduction authorizations, field travel authorizations, related records; manage garnishment
deductions and payments; ensure payment of prevailing wage rates; maintain records, debit pay for miscellaneous payments and expenses;
review computed wages; make corrections and ensure accuracy of payroll; prepare and issue checks; make direct deposits; upload
SafePay files to the bank; report payroll to contractors as required per individual contracts; record changes affecting net wages like
exemptions, insurance coverage, 401(k), and loan payments for individual employees to update master records.
Make miscellaneous accounting software entries; input adjusting journal entries; prepare monthly sales tax and deposit reports; record,
track, reconcile material inventories; prepare month end and assist in year end closing process as needed; assist with special projects,
analyze accounts receivable as needed and provide support for ongoing operations as requested.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Accounts Payable Controller
 
08/2010
 
to 
07/2012
Responsible for overseeing the accounts payable department and ultimately responsible for the efficiency, accuracy and payment off all
companies' invoices in a timely fashion and in according to company policies.
Main duties were but not limited to ensuring the smooth running of the Accounts Payable department, obtainment of approvals, transaction
coding and recording in accounting system, various payments processing through checks, EFTs and/or wires.
Various accounts reconciliations and monitoring of those on monthly basis, ensure that Accounts Payable team members are replying to all
queries in a timely manner and that all queries are resolved correctly and efficiently, weekly performance of detailed analysis on accounts by
vendors, entities and types of payment, performance of the month end closing process and reconciliation on the ledgers.
In the course of daily operations the maintenance of excellent working relationship with external suppliers, contractors, store managers,
regional managers and board directors.
Provide day to day support to various departments such as General Ledger, Taxation, Compliance, Legal and Regulatory Department.
Prepare yearly reports for senior management's review, motivate and lead the team, innovate and develop processes and efficiencies for the
education of newer team members as well as for the guidance of longer term team members, performance management of staff and monthly
and yearly appraisals.
Education
MBA
 
:
 
Masters of Business Administration
 
Ashworth College
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Summa Cum Laude 
Â 
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Business Management
 
Penn Foster College
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Summa Cum LaudeListed on The Dean's List of Top 20 Highest Scored Students of All Times
Associate of Science
 
:
 
Accounting
 
Penn Foster College
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
US
Accomplishments
Accounting Skills
 Â 
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
Formally recognized for excellence achieved in financial analysis, budgeting and forecasting.
General Ledger Skills
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
Accounting Reviews
 Â 
Conducted detailed technical and analytical review of federal/state corporate, partnership and S corporation tax returns, FAS 109
provisions, and quarterly estimates prepared by associates.
Â 
Skills
Account Management, Account Reconciliations, Account Analysis, Accruals, Audit, Billing, Budgeting, Budget Preparation, Cash Flows, Monthly
Closings, Invoice Coding, Contract Execution, Corporate Tax Processing, Cost Reporting, Daily Accounting, 
Expense Report Review and
Coding, Financial Statements Preparation, Fixed Asset, Forecasting, Fund Accounting, GAAP intimate familiarity, General Ledger Accounting,
Income Tax Preparation, Inventory, Invoicing, Cost Reporting, Journal Entries, Liaise between Departments, 
Monthly Sales Analysis, Payables
Recognition, Payments Processing, Payroll Processing and Allocation, Performance Management, Point of Sale Analysis, Post Payments, Process
Invoices, Revenue Recognition and Recording, Sales Recognition and Recording, Sales Tax Calculation and Filing, Tax Compliance, Tax Returns,
Variance Analysis