TW
SUBSTITUTE TEACHER
Experience
Company Name
 
- 
Substitute Teacher
 
01/2008
 
- 
Current
On-call substitute for grades K-12.
Substitute teacher in the Tillamook School system as both a classroom teacher and teacher's aide.
Followed classroom plans left by class teacher to continue student education and reinforce core concepts.
Kept students on-task with proactive behavior modification and positive reinforcement strategies. Maintained day to day classroom
management to promote learning.
Company Name
 
- 
4-H Program Assistant & Open Campus Assistant
 
City
 
, 
State
 
02/2009
 
- 
10/2016
Supported educational programs through the delivery of program curricula, coordination of program elements or projects, assisting with the
assessment, design, implementation and evaluation.
Recruit, supervise and retained volunteers.
Organize and facilitate; day camps, after school programs, overnight camps and fundraiser's. Including travel to National programs.
Gathered data for annual reporting of program success, volunteer hours, personal time, yearly reports of accomplishments. Created a Plan
of Work annually. Used 4-H access and 4-H online.
Promoted Extension and 4-H by Live radio interviews and Public service announcements, Civic group presentations; and daily interaction
with the public.
Established relationships with key stakeholders in the community included Tillamook County Commissioners, business owners and non-
profit managers and School District.
Delivered polished and thorough lectures on topics such as teen sex-texting and generational differences.
Company Name
 
- 
Community Outreach Coordinator
 
01/2007
 
- 
01/2013
Actively supported local MOPS groups, on the Oregon Coast and Willamette Valley. Acted as a liaison between local groups and MOPS, INT.
Skills used: self-direction, team player, trouble shooting, record keeping and problem solving; management of volunteer base that ran groups
in the northwest region and promoted the MOPS agenda within the community.
Developed presentations for public events, community groups and organizational assemblies.
Work History
Company Name
 
- 
Substitute teacher
 
01/2008
 
- 
01/2011
On-call substitute for grades K-12.
Substitute teacher in the Tillamook School system as both a classroom teacher and as a teachers aide.
OSU Extension Service Tillamook County: 4-H Program Assistant 2; 2009 to October 2016; support educational programs through the
delivery of program curricula, coordination of program elements or projects and assisting with the assessment, design, implementation and
evaluation.
Recruit, supervise and retain volunteers.
Organize and facilitate; day camps, after school programs, overnight camps and fundraiser's.
Managed and oversaw fundraiser's and travel for National 4-H leadership conferences for local youth.
Gather data and report program success, volunteer hours, personal time and yearly reports of accomplishments.
Promote Extension and 4-H by Live radio interviews and Public service announcements, Civic group presentations; and daily interaction
with the public.
Established relationships with key stakeholders in the community included Tillamook County Commissioners, business owners and non-
profit managers.
OSU Extension Service Tillamook County: Oregon Open Campus; 2012 ; helping to build, expand, and market programming related to the
Outreach & Engagement activities of Oregon State University.
Including public outreach events, fair booths, hosting learning workshops and public education of mission statement.
Company Name
 
- 
Community Coach
 
01/2007
 
- 
01/2013
Actively supported local MOPS groups, on the Oregon Coast and Willamette Valley.
Acted as liaison between local coordinators/chartering ministries and MOPS Int.
Skills include self-direction, team player, trouble shooting, record keeping and problem solving; management of volunteer base that ran
groups in the northwest region and promoted the MOPS agenda with local churches, doctor offices and media.
Professional Summary
Experienced educator with hands on experience in youth development and interpersonal skills growing and managing large volunteer base and
program development. Committed to offering programming and education to all youth.Skills
Ten key, basic, conferences, customer service, delivery, direction, educational programs, keyboard, leadership, market, presentations, problem
solving, profit, programming, radio, record keeping, researching, supervisory skills, teacher, team player, time management, trouble shooting,
workshops
Education
Oregon State University
 
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Animal Science
Certifications
Paul Axtel Conflict and Communication training; Civil Rights training; Oregon Substitute Restricted Sub license; Pork Check off certified
Highlights
Volunteer management, public education of agriculture, supervisory skills, resourceful, diligent and persistent, committed to excellence in all
activities, create positive environment.
Have proficient use of internet for accessing, researching and sharing critical knowledge, social media use to maximize communication,
adaptable, basic keyboard, computer skills, and ten key.