CHEF INSTRUCTOR PROFESSOR
Summary
Dynamic, resourceful and skilled Teacher Instructor, Business Owner and Chef with years of experience.Problem Solver, Strategic Planning, Risk
Management, Service Quality Improvement, Staff Training, Staff-Retention Programs, Team Building, Team Leadership, Takes immediate action if
problems arise, Motivator, Problem Resolution, Employee Scheduling, Event Management and Promotion, Expense Control, High level of work
Standards, Adjust Priorities Quickly, Understands and motivates employees and customers by analyzing and understanding and making them feel
valued and understood. Culinary Instructor teaching within a college level for nine consecutive years. Highly respected.
Highlights
Excellent Leadership
Partners well with Others
Proved Ability To Plan, Organize, and Manage Business
Human Resources Leadership
Community Outreach
Operations Start-Up and Analytical Skills for Improvement
Organizational Restructure and Change
Amazing Work Ethic
Great Motivator
Builds Great Teams to Achieve Superior Results
Organized
Team Leadership
Microsoft Office Tools
Staff Development, Motivation and Training Programs
Event Management and Promotion
Performance and Cost
Experience
Chef Instructor Professor
 
10/2006
 
to 
08/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Culinary Science, Food Service, Food Safety and Sanitation & Customer Service Skills, Lecture/Lab Class to students in both credit and
noncredit programs. Instruct and supervise students in volume food preparation for breakfast, lunch, or dinner service in the cafeteria, professional
industrial kitchen. Lecture on related topics dealing with food preparation, proper tools, sanitation, and kitchen operations. In addition to normal
teaching responsibilities, this position requires the management of: ordering food products, analyzing food costs, portion control, menu planning,
merchandising, kitchen sanitation, kitchen maintenance. Enjoy working with college students that have diverse academic, socioeconomic, cultural,
sexual orientations, disabilities, and ethnic backgrounds. Emphasized the importance of students ability to build positive relationships and building
trust in a team environment. Wrote and implemented a culinary team to feed homeless on Charlestons streets. Extremely high work ethics set and
standards expected from self and staff and students.
Pastry Chef/Manager
 
01/1995
 
to 
01/1997
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Patissier and Boulangar (baking and pastry chef), and was promoted to Garde Manger, adding to her responsibilities, the preparation of cold
foods, salads, appetizers, pates, and other charcuterie items.She was quickly promoted to Chef De Cuisine. Coexisting moved to mother
property-Heritage Inn- Sun City, Arizona. Assistant Director of Kitchen/Dining Room Manager for a long term care and skilled nursing facility.
Quality control of all foods and beverage served to residents, guests and employees, direction and facilitation of safety, sanitation and maintenance
programs for employees of the community. Hiring and training of personnel for front and back of the house. Accountability for all line expectations,
plating presentations, as well as all chef positions. Execution of resident and facility specialty functions from menu planning and implementation.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Management
 
2012
 
The Art Institute of Pittsburgh
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Culinary Arts
 
1998
 
The Art Institute of Phoenix
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Valedictorian, Outstanding Culinary Achievement Award, Presidents Honor Roll, 3.8 G.P.A.
Personal Information
I grew up on a farm in a small town of Superior, Pennsylvania. My early influences were all centered on food. My grandparents grew and sold
their own vegetables and meats. 
Dennis Turkey Farm 
was known for its customer satisfaction and ‘clean farm' practices. I learned about
environmental stewardship from grandparents that farmed holistically. I fondly remember working with Grandpa Dennis, plucking turkey feathers
and processing chickens to fill the latest orders.Inside the farmhouse, I sat wide eyed watching my grandmother make what seemed like magic in
her big wooden bowl filling the orders for our family restaurant called 
Glisans
 .I credit my grandmother for instilling within me the passion for
savory and baking and using all of the chef senses! I have worked practically all of my life in some form within the hospitality world. I am very
creative, positive, warm, personable with strong attention to detail and management skills. I pride myselfon quality of work with a strong work
ethic. I pride myself on high customer satisfaction and client retention. I am a true leader and a fantastic administrator and teacher.
Additional Information
1998-2000-Carter and Carter P.C.-Owned and operated a small catering establishment with my ex-husband. Primarily catering to church,
government and homeless shelters.
Carter and Carter P.C. Owned a Real Estate group which I spearheaded with my husband.
1995-96 -The Wigwam Resort- A Five Star fine dining establishment Banquet Server and Room Attendant, responsible for plating presentations
and delivery to in-house clients. 
Chef de Partie.Pre-1995 - Dennis Turkey Farm, Glisan Restaurant –Employed in the family-owned business as Pastry Chef and Sales Processor .
Skills
Influential, Problem Solver, Strategic Planning, Risk Management, Service Quality Improvement, Staff Training, Staff-Retention Programs, Team
Building, Team Leadership, Takes immediate action if Problems arise, Motivator, Problem Resolution, Employee Scheduling, Event Management
and Promotion, Expense Control, High level of work Standards, Adjust Priorities Quickly,Understands and motivates employees and customers
by analyzing and understanding and making them feel valued and understood. Environmental Stewardship.Serv Safe Manager. Culinary Science
and Lecture. All hospitality responsibilities including: Quality control of all foods and beverage, Direction and facilitation of safety, Sanitation and
Maintenance programs, Hiring and training of personnel for F.O.H. and B.O.H. Accountability for all time line expectations and procedures.
Created and implemented grading rubrics. HAACP and food flow.