GRAPHIC DESIGNER
Summary
➢ While working as Front Desk Receptionist at Meyer Sound, contributed to Marketing Team by updating and translating marketing materials,
updating website, and improving sales collateral. Promoted to Marketing Coordinator for Latin America. ➢ Contributed to substantial cost
savings for Meyer Sound by creating ads for publication, editing graphics, and translating materials thereby eliminating the need to hire third-party
agents to complete this work. ➢ Researched vendors and negotiated service agreements to have marketing materials and swag for Meyer Sound
produced in Mexico reducing costs associated with importing these materials from the US.
Highlights
* Marketing Strategy * Project Coordination * Graphic Design * Branding * Event Planning * Print Production * Social Media * Tradeshow
Coordination * Marketing Collateral Development * Press Releases * Copy Writing/Editing * Web Content Management
Experience
January 2014
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Graphic Designer
Restaurant Consulting & Management Company Developing design solutions to communicate each of the restaurant's unique message and
promoting the brand with high visual impact. Graphic design solutions for a variety of products and activities such as POP, websites, social
media, email, promotions, product packaging, corporate communications & identity.
Preparing, packaging & delivering production-ready art files.
Creating creative templates for marketing needs
Proofreading to produce accurate and high-quality work especially under challenging deadlines
January 2013
to
Current
City
 
, 
State
 
Graphic Designer
 
Design print materials, such as logos, stationery, flyers, and postcards. Clients Include: Pembroke PR, Main Street
Property Services, A grape in the Fog, Photoworks SF, Progressive Hounds, The Handler Brothers, Otis Beanery, Mitzvites, Pet Nanny, District
Dogs, Dog Town, SuperFly Pet Supply, No Time for Cancer, Meridian Pro Audio and Promarket. Paola Trejo 2
January 2008
to
January 2013
Company Name
 
City
 
Marketing Coordinator, Latin America
 
Mexico City Professional Sound Manufacturer Worked directly with the Company's
headquarters in Berkeley, CA. Coordinated with marketing team to brainstorm strategies and finalize marketing plans. Translated, maintained, and
updated web content in Spanish on a monthly basis. Designed marketing materials, such as datasheets and brochures. Created ads for publication
in SoundCheck Magazine. Wrote press releases. Coordinated and led interviews. Coordinated photo shoots. Managed relationships with vendors.
Built and maintained productive relationships with customers. Planned and coordinated events, including trade shows and demos. Designed sales
binder. Collaborated on creation of presentations in Keynote. Designed and distributed monthly newsletter, e-blasts, and invitations. Represented
the company in corporate events, trade shows, marketing conferences and meetings.
January 2005
to
January 2008
Company Name
 
City
 
Graphic Designer
Mexico City Consumer Goods Advertising Agency Clinets include: Rimmel London, Dannon, Sigma, Sally Hansen, Palmer's.
Produce design solutions to communicate clients' messages with high visual impact for a variety of products & activities.
Layout, image manipulation, and prepress production for offset and digital color output. Established design briefs and project time-lines.
Coordinated with external agencies. Meeting clients to discuss their needs, objectives and budgets. Designing and creating a wide variety of
graphic art and promotional material. Producing designs for both internal and external communications. Involving customers in the design
process. Developing design briefs. Explaining design concepts and ideas to clients and colleagues. Providing graphical support for Blogs,
websites and social media. Working on presentations, leaflets, trade-marks, marketing materials and banner designs. Producing accurate
and high-quality design work. Examining design work for quality, consistency, and accuracy. Creating a consistent corporate and brand
identity for clients. Preparing design files for production. Taking design ideas from generation through to completion. Generating multiple
concepts for a campaign or project. Working on projects to strict timescales. Computer Skills: Illustrator | Photoshop | InDesign |
Dreamweaver | Flash | Premier | Freehand Graphics: Logo Design, Editorial Design, Web Design, Illustration
Education
2004
Universidad del Valle de México
 
City
 
, 
MX
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Graphic Design
 
Universidad del Valle de México - Mexico City 2004
Bachelor of Arts - Graphic Design
Presentations
Worked directly with the Company's headquarters in Berkeley, CA. Coordinated with marketing team to brainstorm strategies and finalize
marketing plans. Translated, maintained, and updated web content in Spanish on a monthly basis. Designed marketing materials, such as
datasheets and brochures. Created ads for publication in SoundCheck Magazine. Wrote press releases. Coordinated and led interviews.
Coordinated photo shoots. Managed relationships with vendors. Built and maintained productive relationships with customers. Planned andcoordinated events, including trade shows and demos. Designed sales binder. Collaborated on creation of presentations in Keynote. Designed and
distributed monthly newsletter, e-blasts, and invitations. Represented the company in corporate events, trade shows, marketing conferences and
meetings Worked directly with the Company's headquarters in Berkeley, CA. Coordinated with marketing team to brainstorm strategies and
finalize marketing plans. Translated, maintained, and updated web content in Spanish on a monthly basis. Designed marketing materials, such as
datasheets and brochures. Created ads for publication in SoundCheck Magazine. Wrote press releases. Coordinated and led interviews.
Coordinated photo shoots. Managed relationships with vendors. Built and maintained productive relationships with customers. Planned and
coordinated events, including trade shows and demos. Designed sales binder. Collaborated on creation of presentations in Keynote
Languages
Spanish - Native Speaker | [AND] Translation: English/Spanish and Spanish/English [AND] Translation: English/Spanish and Spanish/English
Skills
Marketing, Clients, Ads, Basis, Sales, Translated, Solutions, Advertising, Brand Identity, Budgets, Dreamweaver, Flash, Freehand, Hansen,
Illustration, Illustrator, Indesign, Logo Design, Photoshop, Premier, Prepress, Promotional, Web Design, Pr, Public Relations, Graphic Design,
Corporate Communications, Packaging, Point Of Purchase, Pop, Proofreading, Branding, Content Management, Copy Writing, Event Planning,
Front Desk, Marketing Collateral, Marketing Strategy, Receptionist, San, Storage Area Network, Tradeshow, Translating, Web Content
Management