ENGINEERING INTERN
Professional Summary
A Computer Science junior at Lynchburg College with the understanding and problem solving to work my way through any situation. 
Using the life
skills I learned while I attained my Eagle Scout rank, the highest in boy scouts and only given to a very small percentage of scouts.
Experience
Company Name
 
June 2015
 
to 
August 2015
 
Engineering Intern
 
Designed and worked with building information modeling (BIM) in AutoCAD MEP throughout the entire work-cycle under extreme time
crunches.
Creating functional ethernet, pneumatic, and electronic controls for a confidential client.
Assisted with installation of a pneumatic controls system for a large and confidential development outside of Charlottesville, VA.
Worked in the field at Indian Head Military Base, MD collecting outfall locations for later analysis and reduction.
Company Name
 
June 2014
 
to 
August 2014
 
Engineering Intern
 
Created and edited AutoCAD drawings for the US State Department, Arlington National Cemetery, and Jefferson Island, MD.
Using Autodesk Inventor, recreated the company's patented Reverse Osmosis Multi Element Module (ROMEM) with a high level of detail,
as well as rendering numerous images using Autodesk Showcase.
Researched, Acquired, Built, and Configured an Enterprise Server to replace the firm's antiquated system.
Specifications: Intel Xeon E5-2620 @ 2.0 GHz, Processor MSI X79A-GD45 Plus, Motherboard Windows Server 2012, OS 8x 8 Gb
G.Skill Ripjaws Z series 240-pin DDR3, RAM 3x Seagate Barracuda 2 Tb SATA 6.0 Gb/s 3.5", Internal hard drive Seagate Barracuda 3
Tb SATA 6.0 Gb/s 3.5", Internal hard drive Cooler Master V8 GTS, CPU cooler Wiring and testing for VAV (Variable Air Velocity)
boxes and installation of Intelligent Room Sensors for Sprint, Reston Va.
Researched and acquired numerous technical items to help improve the company's efficiency.
Assisted in acquiring and connecting an Industrial Wireless Network Bridge to connect the company headquarters network to a new remote
office building network.
Company Name
 
July 2012
 
to 
January 2014
Insider responsible for taking customers for orders and resolving problems they had experienced with Papa Johns.
Tossed and made pizzas to the customer's specifications.
Helped manage a small number of employees to create a friendly and efficient working environment.
Software C++ Autodesk Inventor, AutoCAD (2009,12,15,16), 3Ds Max, Python.
Education
Lynchburg College
 
2017
 
Data Structures & Analysis in C++ and Python 
*Mathematical Theory in Computer Science
 
: 
Computer Science/ Minor
Sports Management Micro and Macro Economics
 
Computer Science/ Minor Sports Management Micro and Macro Economics
Oakton High School
 
2013
 
Diploma
 
: 
Engineering/STEM Award
 
Engineering/STEM Award
Interests
Sports 
2011- Present Lynchburg College Club Lacrosse 3x High School Varsity Lacrosse High School Varsity Football Community Service/
Volunteer Virginia 10 mile Walk/Run 
October 2013 Manned Drink station and cheered on runners at half way point Eagle Scout project
December 2012 This project was what I had planned, managed, and executed to receive my Eagle Scout rank. 
My project was a community food
drive that involved setting up a collection center, sending out flyers, as well as placing them door-to-door. 
The collection of food came to be just
around two tons of food for the Community of Faith United Methodist Church. Stop Hunger Now 
2011 Made packaged meals to send to those in
need, sent to Haiti Assistance League of Northern Virginia© 
2008-2011 Assisted in volunteer work to aid local assault victims by transporting
supplies and materials bought or made by the volunteers. Achievements BSA Eagle Scout (BSAs Highest Rank) 
March 2009-December 2013
Personal Information
Less than 2% of boys that enter Boy Scouting program achieve the rank of Eagle Scout. 
Requirements to obtain the rank include earning at least
21 merit badges, each involving different skills where some may take months to complete. 
Also continually demonstrating Scout Spirit through the
Boy Scout Oath and Law, service, and leadership. This includes an extensive service project that the Scout plans, organizes, leads, and manages.
*I have received multiple honors and awards in sports. 
Ranging from being captain of my lacrosse teams to
Additional Information
HTML Java Programming Activities Sports 
2011- Present Lynchburg College Club Lacrosse 3x High School Varsity Lacrosse High
School Varsity Football Community Service/ Volunteer Virginia 10 mile Walk/Run 
October 2013 Manned Drink station and cheered on
runners at half way point Eagle Scout project 
December 2012 This project was what I had planned, managed, and executed to receive my
Eagle Scout rank. 
My project was a community food drive that involved setting up a collection center, sending out flyers, as well as placing
them door-to-door. 
The collection of food came to be just around two tons of food for the Community of Faith United Methodist Church.
Stop Hunger Now 
2011 Made packaged meals to send to those in need, sent to Haiti Assistance League of Northern Virginia© 
2008-
2011 Assisted in volunteer work to aid local assault victims by transporting supplies and materials bought or made by the volunteers.
Achievements BSA Eagle Scout (BSAs Highest Rank) 
March 2009-December 2013 Less than 2% of boys that enter Boy Scouting
program achieve the rank of Eagle Scout. 
Requirements to obtain the rank include earning at least 21 merit badges, each involving different
skills where some may take months to complete. 
Also continually demonstrating Scout Spirit through the Boy Scout Oath and Law, service,
and leadership. This includes an extensive service project that the Scout plans, organizes, leads, and manages. I have received multiple
honors and awards in sports. 
Ranging from being captain of my lacrosse teams toSkills
Proficiency in C++, AutoCAD, AutoCAD Inventor, Python, Linux, Xcode, Visual Basic, MS Word, MS Powerpoint, Programming in MS Excel