SITE ENGINEERING
Career Overview
10+ years total information technology experience both locally and internationally with major information Technology and energy companies.
Experience with report all non-conforming parts, materials or drawings to supervisor. With assembly and mechanical experience, resolve assembly
problems, troubleshoot malfunctions and defects of final assembly. Report other problems to supervisor to obtain assistance. Build a defect-free
servers unit and or sub-assembly. Complete required in-process inspection, repair any defects found. Complete final inspection documentation and
test of equipment to insure highest quality for delivery to the end user. Follow all procedures and processes provided by engineering in accordance
to assembly of unit. Document quality information as required to support quality process. Experience with identify any defects found are
documented and corrected prior to delivery of unit. Experience with Build Quality into all products without exception. Experience with
daily/weekly production schedule as determined by scheduler. Deep ability to improvise when needed. Profound ability to work with basic math
and algebra. Proven ability to define problems collects data, establish facts, and draw valid conclusions. Excellent attention to detail and
uncommon ability to complete essential duties and responsibilities in an efficient and timely manner. Great positive attitude with management and
co-workers and remarkable ability to work under stress. Effective communication and interpersonal skills and strong ability to work independently
or with co- workers and / or management as directed. Orderly, flexible, cooperative and immense ability to follow instructions. Profound ability to
comply with required working hours and be on time and dependable. TECHNICAL SKILLS Manufacturing Quality, Controls and
Instrumentation, Equipment Maintenance, Manufacturing Experience, Mechanical Inspection Tools, Problem Solving, Judgment, Job Knowledge,
Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook, Power Point), Inventory Control, Data Entry, Assembler Hard worker and team key player. Like to
work with more challenge. High ability for training Mass Storage methods. High leader ship skills. Ability to work with team environment. Ability to
fix complex issues (HDD, Cages, and Nodes). Ability to build UPG 3PAR Racks. Ability to work overtime in weekends and holidays. Build
different unites (MS.3PAR.SUPERDOM). Ability to develop his skills. Ability to coordinate with test and build team.
Qualifications
HP ProLiant Blade Servers (BL): BL 460, BL 465c, BL 490c
HP ProLiant Tower Servers (ML): ML 310 G5, ML 330 G6, ML 350 G6, ML 370 G6
HP ProLiant Rack Servers (DL): DL 120G6, DL 160G6, DL 165 G7, DL 180/185 G6
3PAR Rack and Servers Assembly:
F200, F400, Storage Systems, T400, T800 Configuration Base, V400, V800 Configuration, EOS
7400/7200.
Drive Type: 300 IT Customer Service - Technical support
Expert
, Excel and Access
10 Years
HP Servers repair
Expert
5 Years
HP Servers Test
Expert
1 Years
Rack build and assembly
Expert
5 Years
Data Entry/Records
Management
Expert
5 Years
Mass storage units
Expert
5 Years
MS Word
Technical Skills
Skills
Experience
Total Years
Last Used
TECHNICAL TEST AND WIP AUDITOR
TECHNICAL
10
3
Work Experience
January 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
GB 15K Fiber Channel, 600 GB 15K Fiber Channel, 1TB 3G 7.2 LFF SATA Assembly upgrade 3PAR orders regarding customer
configuration (T, F and V Class).
Assembly power cables for 3PAR Racks.
Assembly nodes (power supply, Fans, cables, FCALS, GBIC, and Fiber Cable).
3PAR/EOS WIP Audit: Conducted material inspections in accordance with the specifications for the required materials.
Reduce 3PAR/EOS operator error from 77% to 9%.
Help to design EOS SAS cable label point to point diagram.
Provide SAS cable connection for build station 3.
Working with method team to update and develop standard work for each station.
Prepared inspection quality test plans to ensure all technical specifications are followed.
Organized inspection procedures for quality production standards.
Coordinated quality systems checked and evaluated all performance based on standard ratings.
Monitored all production performance of employees and submitted to the supervisor their weekly performance reports.
Monitored the manufactured product and ensured that it corresponds with the engineering documents and other specifications.
October 2009
 
to 
August 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assembly process includes fitting, mounting, alignment, adjusting, operational testing, repairs, in-depth troubleshooting and diagnosing, and
training of other personnel.Also hand-assemble detonating devices and other explosive products, operate and program semi-automated manufacturing presses and
automated powder weighing machines, and maintain and issue safety equipment.
Perform diversified assembly operations to assemble intricate or large apparatus, machines, or equipment to close tolerances and inspection
requirements.
Read and interpret drawings to insure proper assembly and functionality of assemblies.
Perform skilled fitting of parts, sub-assemblies and related mechanical units.
Work from complicated assembly drawings and specifications.
Site Engineering
 
August 2003
 
to 
October 2005
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Experience in crimp, stake, screw, bolt, rivet, weld, cement, press fits, or similar operations Read instructions and follow production
drawings Install finished assemblies or subassemblies is cases/cabinets Adjust/trim materials from components Develop the layout, parts
fabrication assembly, install and complete checkout operations required for the construction of electrical and electronic assemblies and
systems for the purpose of creating or proving engineering design.
Work from sketches, schematics and/or logic diagrams, fabricate and assemble chassis, panels.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
2002
 
Military College
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
iraq
Bachelor of Military science engineering
Skills
3G 7.2, Assembly, book, c, cables, Cable, cabling, Customer Service, Data Entry, HP, HP Servers, IBM, layout, logic, materials, Mechanical,
Access, Excel, MS Word, monitors, MSN, network, personnel, power supply, press, ProLiant, quality, Read, repairs, safety, SAS, schematics,
Servers, supervisor, switches, Systems Integration, Technical support, test equipment, troubleshooting, Type, upgrade