SENIOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECT MANAGER
Summary
Construction Manager successful at finding cost-effective solutions to the various challenges that arise during residential and commercial
construction.
Highlights
Permit processing
Building codes and regulations
Safe job site set-up
Site safety coordinator 
Organized and detail-oriented
Baseline schedules creation
MS Office proficient
Project budgeting
Cost control
Superb management skills
Accomplishments
Managed a $
 [Amount]
 
project, while supervising a team of 
[Number]
 
workers. 
Led the construction of a new 
[Number]
 
home construction
project. 
Trained and mentored over 
[Number]
 
construction workers, general laborers and apprentices.
Experience
Senior Construction Project Manager
 
, 
08/2015
 
to 
05/2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Directed construction projects with budgets up to $5M working alongside USAF, USACE and NASA clients along with vendors,
consultants, and technical specialists.
Prepared and provided schedule progress reports and analysis on a bi-monthly basis.
Contributed to the planning, scheduling of assignments, cost engineering, procurement of equipment and materials along with budget
administration and application for payment requests.
Supervised civil infrastructure scope of work, including bot not limited to, structural foundation modification to existing piles, perimeter
footings, stem walls and new foundations for new structures and equipment along with installation electrical conduit and mechanical piping
systems.
Provided the supervision of various subcontractors including but not limited to, mechanical piping and HVAC equipment, high and low
voltage electrical systems, fire protection facility equipment and civil infrastructure to coordinate and execute the construction of new
facilities.
Construction Project Manager
 
, 
12/2012
 
to 
05/2015
 
Company Name
Operated as a project technical expert for assignments with budgets up to $15M required for the development and integration of all
activities associated with established and maintained ground systems along with baseline architecture for space flight.
Completed design reviews and constructability assessments, along with project cost estimate summary reports.
Reviewed NASA contracted A/E designs and construction rough order of magnitude as well as coordinating the scope of work with
architects and engineers.
Organized the development and coordination of multi-disciplined scope of work construction cost including conceptual estimates, equipment
and material takeoffs and bid proposals.
Focused on budget management and cost control, as well as timeline management to ensure client satisfaction.
Managed multiple building tradesmen and various subcontractors including but not limited to, mechanical piping and HVAC equipment, high
and low voltage electrical systems, fire protection facility equipment, potable and waste water plumbing systems, coatings and corrosion
control along with civil infrastructure to coordinate and execute the construction of new facilities and modification to existing structures.
Negotiated contracts and evaluated change order requests of vendors and subcontractors.
Performed job-site walk-downs to verify progress of scheduled activities and analyzed possible subcontractor change orders and/or
schedule impacts.
Project Manager/Construction Engineer
 
, 
09/2009
 
to 
12/2012
 
Company Name
Directed projects with budgets up to $85M, working with federal and private sector clients along with vendors, consultants, contractors and
technical specialists.
Contributed to the planning, scheduling of assignments, design, and cost engineering.
Completed design reviews and constructability assessments, along with project cost estimate summary reports.
Provided technical oversight to designers and technical support staff.
Executed the project scope of work with the use of various abilities such as, the preparation of conceptual drawings, life/safety plans and
contract drawings along with specifications and safety requirements for the construction of new buildings and/or modification to existing
facilities.
Provided the supervision of various contractors including but not limited to, mechanical equipment, high and low voltage electrical systems,
fire protection facility equipment and civil infrastructure to coordinate and execute the construction of new buildings and industrial structures
along with modification to existing facilities.
Performed bid evaluations, responded to RFI(s), and reviewed shop drawings for approval to the general contractors and their
subcontractors.
Project Engineer V - Architect
 
, 
03/2003
 
to 
09/2009
 
Company Name
Lead project technical expert for projects with budgets up to $25M required for development and integration of all design and construction
activities associated with established and maintained ground systems and baseline architecture for space flight.Reviewed government contracted A/E project designs and provided construction oversight related to the most current engineering and
construction industry practices.
Provided design and construction documents to implement state-of-the-art construction methods and techniques for repairs and/or
replacement of civil, structural, and architectural systems with respect to the best and current engineering and construction industry practices
for implementation.
Developed the NASA and USAF construction scope of work required to rehabilitate, renovate, modernize, or provide new ground systems
and baseline architecture for ground operations at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and Kennedy Space Center, Florida.
Performed bid evaluations, responded to RFI(s), and reviewed shop drawings for approval to the general contractors and their
subcontractors.
Coordinated and performed schedule integration of utility outages and connections along with conducting walk-downs of existing
infrastructure with the operation and maintenance personnel.
Education
Bachelor of Architecture
 
Montana State University (MSU)
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Microsoft 40-hour Office Suite Certification Microsoft Project Certification 
OSHA 30-hour Construction Safety and Health Program 
OSHA 10-
hour Fall Arrest System and Fall Protection Equipment Program
Skills
ADA, Air Force, art, budget management, budgets, budget, building codes, bi, Construction Management, contracts, cost control, client, clients,
design and construction, electrical systems, fire protection, government, HVAC, materials, mechanical, Office Suite, Microsoft Project, personnel,
plumbing, procurement, progress, proposals, repairs, research, RFI, Safety, scheduling, supervision, technical support