SR. CONSULTANT
Professional Summary
A dedicated, versatile, and results-driven professional with 20+ years of IT experience. 
A proven track record with ability to work well with
others to achieve common goals, resolve conflicts, and manage external relationships. 
Demonstrates leadership skills by a track record of
achievements and contributing to a positive work environment while motivating others to accomplish goals themselves. 
Highly self-motivated, self-
directed, and attentive to detail. 
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. 
Extensive experience working in a
team-oriented and collaborative environment. 
Ability to solve problems with the available information, prioritizing, and making timely decisions.
Outstanding project and program leader; able to coordinate and oversee all phases of project-based efforts. 
Strong analytical and decision making
skills.
Core Qualifications
Software/Application: 
MVS Sysplex Environment, TSO, ISPF, JCL, JES2, SDSF, IMS, DB2, Ops/MVS,
REXX, Thruput Manager, Workload Manager, Automate, SYSVIEW, Omegamon, Remedy, Omegaview,
CICS, Strobe, RMF, SMS, Unix, Java Scripts, Windows 9x/NT, Microsoft Office Suite (Outlook, Word, Excel,
OneNote, Powerpoint, and Project), Unix, SUN, Solaris, SNMP, IBM/AIX, Tivoli, TSM, CA-1, CA-7,
Autosys, ESP, CA-DE, Control-M, Control-EM, Zeke, Zebb, Zack, Jobtrac, Scheduler, Candle Monitor
Workstation, Robot Scheduler, Netview, XPTR, Java Scripting, TCP/IP
Hardware: 
BM Rxx &
Zxx Processors, SUN
Processor, IBM
RS/6000, STK
Automated Tape Silos,
Hitachi 7700, EMC
DASD, AS/400,
OS/390, VSM
Experience
Sr. Consultant
 
June 2015
 
to 
November 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Part of a team specializing and applying solutions for Workload Automation needs.
Proactively recognized and assessed problematic areas and applied 'best practices' solutions when needed
Created and modified application schedules in the Workload Automation product for the Application Development Team Setup and
executed quality testing for all environments
Provided training and documentation to development teams Acted as a liaison between business units
Consultant/Sr. Consultant
 
September 2004
 
to 
April 2015
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Part of the Professional Services team both for M/F and Open Systems.
Created, debugged and modified complex job schedules using CA Workload Automation in different platforms.
Focused on meeting deadlines while practicing customer service.
Communicated effectively with all levels of management while providing the progression with the implementation.
Strong analytical background to determine and make the right decision in quick and timely manner.
Experience included a range of initiatives in pre-sales, sales, post-sales, planning, analysis, and implementation of solutions.
Promoted effective coordination as a liaison between with all business units
Effectively instructed training sessions for the customers
Demonstrated documentation skills in processes, test and implementation plans, and training outlines
Utilized CA Services Best Practices to accurately and efficiently implement products within the client environment
Serve as a Subject Matter Expert in the products to help resolve complex and technical issues that came from product implementation
and/or product functionality
Data Center Team Lead
 
April 2000
 
to 
September 2004
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
Managed, coached, mentored, and led a team of direct reports which oversaw the data center operations from the daily batch processing
and scheduling, tape librarians, change management, incident ticketing, networking, monitoring and availability of all functional equipment for
the Office Depot stores worldwide.
Verified all escalation was handled properly if crisis arose.
Made sure the team was focused on customer satisfaction.
Able to spot trends and applied preventative policies and procedures.
Oversaw the batch cycles which included fulfilling a role to implement projects and enhancing processes
Demonstrated ability to apply IT in solving business problems
Defined and communicated project milestones, service level agreements, and resources
Wrote and issued employee appraisals, setup work schedules, developed daily and weekly reporting, and involved in empowering
employees
Accounted for overall system performance (mainframe and AS/400), maximizing resources to enhance batch workload and CPU resources
Accountable for all the networking and POS systems at the Office Depot retail stores
Data Center - Professional/Team Lead
 
November 1990
 
to 
April 2000
 
Company Name
 
- 
City
 
, 
StatePart of the data center operations team which oversaw the daily batch processing and had numerous responsibilities over the years of
employment ranging from tape librarian to a successful team lead.
Coordinated a test system to develop a better scheduling and Business Resumption process to eliminate redundant workload Applied the
daily Change Management tickets
Acted as a liaison for Allstate International companies to setup daily workload schedules.
In 1997, acted as a consultant with local management, Allstate home office personnel, and Motorclub personnel to migrate all functionality
to Illinois Served as a SME (subject matter expert) in DB2, IMS, and other Allstate accountabilities Supported and performed
responsibilities for the weekend of IMS and DB2 database backup utilities.
Performed recoveries, image copies, pointer checkers, stacked utilities, timestamp recoveries, etc.
Part of the Business Resumption (BR) team which managed system resources and batch schedules during catastrophic disasters.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Computer Information Systems
 
Wingate University
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
Computer Information Systems
Actively pursuing PMP and Scrum Master certifications
Skills
IBM/AIX, Application Development, AS/400, Automate, Automation, backup, CA-1, CA-7, Change Management, CICS, CA, Hardware,
consultant, CPU, client, customer satisfaction, customer service, DASD, database, documentation, senior management, financial, functional, home
office, IBM, DB2, MVS, image, IMS, ISPF, Java Scripts, Java Scripting, JCL, JES2, team lead, letters, librarian, mainframe, managing, meetings,
mentor, Excel, Microsoft Office Suite, Office, Outlook, Powerpoint, Windows 9, NT, Word, Netview, networking, Omegamon, OS/390,
personnel, policies, POS, processes, Processors, project management, quality, quick, reporting, retail, REXX, IBM RS/6000, sales, scheduling,
Scrum, service level agreements, SMS, SNMP, Solaris, SUN, TCP/IP, telecommunication, time management, Tivoli, TSM, TSO, Unix, utilities