CUSTOMER SERVICE MANAGER
Summary
Pleasant and energetic Office Professional with excellent written and oral communication skills 
and knowledge of use of Office Systems
Technology including: Microsoft Office Word, Excel, 
and PowerPoint seeking a role of increased responsibility and authority while committed to
delivering high quality results.
Skills
Microsoft Office proficiency 
Self-starter
Meticulous attention to detail 
AS/400
Professional and mature 
Medical terminology
Resourceful 
Proofreading
Dedicated team player 
Understands grammar
Strong interpersonal skills 
Business writing
Results-oriented 
Mail management
Experience
10/2012
 
to 
Current
Customer Service Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Promoted to Closing Key Holder after 1 month of employment.
Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and 
team-player attitude.
Received a certificate of appreciation from Tara Hall Home for Boys in recognition of 
my service and support through family services.
Received a certificate from Howard Adult Center for completing a continuing education 
introductory course in computers.
Received a merit raise and certificate for meeting Store Inventory goals with a 
variance of +1.02%.
Overnight winner of the "[WalMart] Employee of the Month Award September, 2010.
Promoted to Customer Service Manager upon demonstrating exemplary customer 
service and leadership skills October 2012.
Provide Customer service by acknowledging the customer, identifying Customer needs, 
assisting with purchasing decisions, locating
merchandise, resolving Customer issues 
and concerns, and promoting products and services, while maintaining a safe shopping 
environment.
Maintain the front-end in accordance with Company policies and procedures by 
properly handling claims and returns, zoning the area,
arranging and organizing 
merchandise/supplies, identifying shrink and damages, and ensuring a safe work 
environment.
Operate equipment, such as cash registers and related tools, to process Customer 
purchases using appropriate procedures for different
payment types and items sold.
Supervise associates in the area of responsibility by assigning duties, communicating 
goals, providing feedback and follow-up, monitoring
performance, teaching and 
supporting Company policies and procedures, ensuring compliance, and participating 
in the hiring, promotion,
coaching, teaching, and evaluation of Associates.
Fulfill Customer service requirements by greeting Customers, approving monetary 
transactions, providing support to Associates for
completing monetary transactions, 
assisting with Cashier training, balancing Customer traffic across the front-end, 
conducting register audits,
maintaining front-end keys, coordinating Cashier meals and 
breaks, and assisting Management with control of front-end.
Execute plans and manage own and others' time so that priorities were met.
Build trusting relationships and work with others to reach goals.
Share clear priorities 
and work practices with others.
Prepare written work that is accurate and complete.
Communicate in a respectful and professional manner.
Enter and locate information on a computer.
Create documents, reports, etc., using a writing instrument (such as a pencil, or pen) 
or computer.
Communicate effectively in person or by using telecommunications equipment.
Present information to small or large groups and individuals.
Employee of the month 
Promoted to management after three years of employment.
05/2009
 
to 
10/2012
Apparel Processor/GM Stocker
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Recommended and helped customers select merchandise based on their needs.
Served as liaison between customers, store personnel and various store departments.
Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner.
Tracked down sources of special products and services to meet customers' special 
needs.
Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level 
standards.
Described use and operation of merchandise to customers.
Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
Demonstrated that customers come first by serving them with a sense of urgency.
Worked as a team member to provide the highest level of service to customers.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
Verified that all merchandising standards were maintained on a daily basis.
Closing Manager Keyholder/ College Bookseller.
06/2004
 
to 
10/2005
ComData
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
StateActivate fuel pumps.
Collect cash payments from customers and make change or charge purchases to 
customers' credit cards and provide customers with
receipts.
Resolved customer questions, issues, and complaints.
Clean parking areas, restrooms, or equipment and remove trash.
Trained new quality attendants.
Provide customer with information about local roads and/or highways.
Developed a rapport with the customer base by handling difficult and/or complicated 
issues with professionalism.
Provided a high level of product and leadership support to attendants and customers.
Stock shelves and coolers.
Assist with inventory preparation.
05/2004
 
to 
10/2009
Lead Cashier/Attendant
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Under minimal or no supervision, performed a variety of shipping/receiving, pricing, 
stocking and other retail sales activities.
Processed and distributed documentation with purchase orders; operated a computer 
and/or cash register; performed customer services
such as buybacks, refunds, 
charges, selling and other customer assistance; and performed related work as 
required.
Assisted store manager with ordering adequate merchandise and supplies, maintained 
the store as assigned, and ensured orderliness and
cleanliness of inventory and work 
area.
Organized store inventory, while maintaining the accuracy of inventory; updated and 
maintained computer databases of store inventory.
Assisted students, faculty, and other customers to locate books, supplies, and related 
materials; maintained current knowledge of courses
and syllabi.
Supervised and trained student assistants and short-term non-continuing employees.
Assisted store manager with the coordination of all syllabi to determine order 
quantities, printing, delivery, pricing, and inventory through
Bookstore Text-Aid 
System.
Worked with faculty to inform them of problems with textbooks or syllabi.
Performed complex technical and clerical duties related to purchasing supplies and 
materials, read, wrote, and performed mathematical
calculations at a college-level; 
dealt with the public tactfully and courteously; followed oral and written instructions; 
operated a computer,
typewriter, cash register and calculator; performed physical 
labor including the ability to lift and carry large amounts of books by hand or
with the 
use of equipment; operate hand trucks, dollies, weight scales, postage machines, pallet 
jacks and hand tools; maintain cooperative
working relationships; demonstrated 
sensitivity to and respect for a diverse population.
Managed daily office operations and maintenance of equipment.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to 
develop reports and lists.
Made copies, sent faxes and handled all incoming and outgoing correspondence.
Maintained electronic and paper files.
Received and screened a high volume of internal and external communications, including 
email and mail.
Organized files, faxed reports and scanned documents.
Successfully completed "The Power of WOW" training course.
04/2003
 
to 
06/2005
Cashier
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Assist customers with final purchases 
Use computerized cash registers, conveyor belts, and scanners to ring up customer 
purchases and
scan coupons 
Greet each customer in a professional manner with a warm smile addressing them by 
name whenever possible and ensuring
customer satisfaction 
Completed transactions in a speedy and accurate manner with an average scan rate of 
97% without errors 
Kept work
area clean 
Stock and restock groceries.
05/2001
 
to 
10/2003
Assistant Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Prevented store losses using awareness, attention to detail and integrity.
Processed and issued money orders for customers.
Compiled weekly monetary reports and records for store managers.
Maintained adequate cash supply in cash drawers in multiple checkout stations.
Responsible for ringing up customers in a timely manner and guaranteeing a high level 
of customer service.
Communicated all merchandise needs or issues to appropriate supervisors.
Stocked and rotated inventory regularly.
Performed store opening duties, including counting cash drawers and checking all 
equipment for proper functioning.
Organized the store by returning all merchandise to its proper place.
Replenished merchandise shelves with items from the stockroom.
Processed merchandise returns and exchanges.
Accurately logged all daily shipping and receiving orders.
Performed all duties as a Customer Service Representative.
Completed daily banking.
Troubleshooted daily closeout and shift sales analysis.Developed daily/weekly work schedules.
Finalized time keeping.
Performed the functions of the Store Manager in his/her absence.
Performed other duties as assigned by the Store Manager or Market Manager.
Guided inventory preparation 
Shared product knowledge with customers while making personal recommendations.
Maintained friendly and professional customer interactions.
Trained and directed all customer service representatives assigned to the store.
Provided prompt, courteous resolution to employee and customer issues.
Prepared and transmitted daily bookkeeping, gasoline and invoicing data.
Participated in the hiring process.
Trained new employees on company customer service policies and service level 
standards.
Conducted performance and disciplinary discussions in the Managers absence.
Tracked down sources of special products and services to meet customers' special 
needs.
Informed customers about sales and promotions in a friendly and engaging manner.
Confirmed that appropriate changes were made to resolve customers' problems.
Education and Training
2007
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Office Systems Technology
 
HORRY GEORGETOWN TECHNICAL COLLEGE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
United States
 
Office
Systems Technology
1991
Office Administration coursework 
Related coursework in Notetaking, Computerized Accounting, Office Communications, 
and Leadership
Development. 
Coursework in Administrative Technology with a Concentration in Office Systems & 
Procedures, Information Processing
Applications, and Office Spreadsheet Applications. 
Business coursework (Advertising, Internet Skills for the Workplace, and Technical
Communications). 
Technical Education Certificate, Patient Care Technician
 
CENTRAL CAROLINA TECHNICAL COLLEGE
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
,
United States
Activities and Honors
Inducted into Phi Theta Kappa Society International Scholastic Order of the Two-Year- 
College in 2005.
Skills
Computerized Accounting, Administrative, Advertising, AS/400, attention to detail, banking, bookkeeping, Business writing, calculator, cash
register, Cashier, cash registers, clerical, Closing, coaching, Strong interpersonal skills, oral, credit, make change, customer satisfaction, customer
services, customer 
service, Customer Service, customer assistance, databases, delivery, documentation, dollies, email, faxes, hand tools, hand
trucks, hiring, Internet Skills, Inventory, invoicing, leadership, leadership skills, Leadership Development, Market, materials, Medical terminology,
merchandising, Excel, Mail, money, Microsoft Office, Office, 97, Office Administration, organizing, Patient Care, pen, pencil, personnel, policies,
postage machines, pricing, promotion, Proofreading, purchasing, quality, rapport, read, receiving, retail sales, selling, sales, sales analysis, scanners,
Self-starter, shipping, spreadsheets, Spreadsheet, Store Manager, supervision, teaching, team-player, team player, Technician,
telecommunications, typewriter, written