SALES ASSOCIATE/MERCHANDISER
Experience
Sales Associate/Merchandiser
 
Jul 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Investigate and resolved customer inquiries and complaints in a timely and empathetic 
manner.
Run markdown reports, manage store replenishment and analyze buying reports.
Contact customers to follow up on purchases, suggest new merchandise and inform them about 
promotions and upcoming events.
Operate POS system to itemize, open credit accounts and complete an average of 50 customer 
purchases.
Write sales slips and sales contracts.
Plan and coordinate the availability of products for advertising and promotion purposes.
Answer an average of 20 calls per day by addressing customer inquiries, solving problems and 
providing new product information.
Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and 
exchanges and security practices.
Describe product to customers and accurately explain details and care of merchandise.
Confer with store managers to obtain information about customer needs and preferences.
Monitor and analyze sales records and consumer purchasing trends.
Anticipate consumer buying patterns to create a purchase and inventory plan.
Set and recommend mark-up rates, mark-down rates and selling prices for merchandise.
Complete stock orders and manage inventory levels.
Organize and track departmental receipt flow for new and reorder merchandise.
Partner with sales representatives and managers to coordinate delivery and merchandising 
schedule.
Educate employees on new merchandise during seasonal workshops.
Group Sales Associate
 
Oct 2003
 
to 
Jan 2008
 
Company Name
Provided outstanding customer service to existing and potential patrons in order to maximize 
group ticket sales.
Developed new clients by focusing on assigned target markets, with the resulting goal of 
significant increased gross sales.
Produced target market sales analysis reports to track sales trends from year to year.
Provided proactive customer service to donors and patrons interacting via phone, email or in 
person to assist in matters related to ticketing,
upcoming events, and membership benefits.
Assisted with organization of prospect lists and coordinating other materials pertinent to 
planning solicitations, cultivation events, and other
activities.
Concluded advanced bookings with the box office by preparing all details of group contracts 
through the Tessitura ticketing system.
Followed up with patrons to ensure timely payment and that the client receives tickets and 
materials needed for their performance.
Actively pursued client stewardship opportunities such as hosting clients for dinners, 
performances, and other relationship building initiatives.
Worked with management and various departments to address specific customer service 
requests as needed such as; accessibility
accommodations, transportation needs, dining, 
receptions, and tours.
Office Assistant
 
Sep 1998
 
to 
Oct 2003
 
Company Name
Managed all day- to -day administrative responsibilities which included; reporting and 
documentation, record keeping, maintaining of files,
correspondence, internal/external 
communications.
Planned and developed the conference program, agendas, schedules, sessions, handouts and 
other collateral materials.
Promoted and marketed the conference, created and disseminated brochures, articles, and 
email blast.
Handled administrative details such as registration, payments, and travel/transportation.
Responded to inquiries and ensuring clear communication with speakers, conference 
attendees, and other staff.
Education
Bookkeeping
 
2018
 
Stratford Career Institute
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
Canada
 
The Training Source, Inc.
Summary
CLIENT RELATIONS | OFFICE OPERATIONS | Performance-driven administrative professional; 
with over 10 successful years facilitating
support services and managing fast-paced office operations. I 
have Strong organizational and communication skills. Advanced understanding of
customer needs 
with diligent attention to detail, resulting in superior customer service and high levels of client 
satisfaction.
Highlights
People-oriented 
Filing and data archiving
Creative problem solver 
Payment processing
Quick learner 
MS Windows proficient
Exceptional communication skills 
Account reconciliation
50 WPM typing speed 
Proofreading
Skills
Account reconciliation, administrative, advertising, benefits, brochures, communication skills, contracts, Creative problem solver, credit, client,
clients, customer service, delivery, documentation, email, Filing, inventory, manage inventory levels, mark, market sales, materials, merchandising,
Office, MS Windows, Office Automation, Payment processing, policies, POS, promotion, Proofreading, purchasing, Quick learner, recordkeeping, relationship building, reporting, selling, sales, phone, transportation, typing speed, 50 WPM, workshops, articles