DIGITAL M&E RESEARCH INTERN
Skills
Microsoft Office Suite; Venture Capital Financial Model Interests: Entrepreneurship, Mentoring, Education, Basketball, Strength Training,
Venture Capital
Interests
Penn Summer Abroad, Scholar of Environmental Studies, in Rotterdam & Berlin 
June 2015 - June 2015 Â· Engaged in a lecture series about
water management and the Energiewende which fortified the immersion into the culture of 
environmental sustainability in Rotterdam and Berlin for
two weeks Â· Culminated in a presentation on strategic plan to implement water management and Energiewende tactics to USA National
Dominican Student Conference, Officer of Logistics and Finances 
Sept. 2014 - Mar. 2015 Â· Managed and balanced the conference's $26,000+
budget. Individually raised $3,800+ for the conference from external 
sources and internal sources; like KIPP Through College, Greenfield
Intercultural Center, PennKIPP Â· Coordinated and executed three-day conference for 390 university students throughout the US Â· Designed
and organized a Dominican Linguistics workshop by inviting prestigious BYU Professor Alba and Dr. Ferreira CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT
Grupo Quisqueyano (Dominican Student Association), Officer of Finances 
Dec. 2014 
- Dec. 2016 Â· Administrated a budget of $800, and
funding for the student organization Dana How Scholar Program, Active Mentor 
Sept. 2013 
- Sept. 2016 Â· Volunteer to mentor and educate
West Philadelphia high school students in order to get them ready for college Big Brother Big Sister, Big Brother 
Sept. 2015 
- Sept. 2016 Â·
Serve as a positive role model and friend for children in West Philadelphia in an on-going one to one relationship MoneyThink, Active Mentor
Sept. 2015 
- Sept. 2016 Â· Structured personal finance lesson plans to fit the need of Philadelphia high school students in order to allow them 
to
teach them 
about being financially more independent
Experience
Digital M&E Research Intern
 
May 2016
 
to 
August 2016
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Refined quantitative and qualitative data in order to optimize business products for individual project managers.
Evaluated Big Data to generate fundamental frameworks being utilized to normalize product data across all entertainment brands.
September 2015
 
to 
December 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Developed a five-year growth strategy to utilize for the next potential funding round of the growth firm.
Generated a 50-page report that included contacting 700 colleges receiving a response rate of 11%.
Business Development Intern
 
May 2015
 
to 
August 2015
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Analyzed daily and monthly partnership costs in order to determine day to day changes on cost structure of partnerships.
Proposed and presented 5 new key partnerships that will be pivotal for the transition phase into TheStreet, Inc.'s Financial 
Content
Network 2.0 Banco del Austro, Loans & Credit Card Intern, Cuenca, Ecuador 
July 2014 - Aug.
2014.
Implemented statistical analysis of data using Excel, focusing on customer and bank databases such as credit card 
purchases, POS system,
customer information, and customer complaints.
Completed and filed paper work for loan department.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Economics Management
 
The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
Economics 3.45 3.06
Management
Corporate Finance, Merger and Acquisitions, Consulting to Growth Companies, Management, Venture 
Capital Finance, Entrepreneurship,
Wharton Industry Exploration Program: San Francisco & Tech Sector Â· Awards: New York Times Scholar, selected as one of eight students
(out of 800) for prestigious NY Times full scholarship
Languages
Fluent in Spanish
Skills
Acquisitions, Big Data, Consulting, Content, Corporate Finance, Credit, databases, Finance, Financial, Java, Mentoring, Excel, Microsoft Office
Suite, Network 2.0, next, page, POS, receiving, San, Fluent in Spanish, statistical analysis, strategy, Venture Capital, Venture 
Capital
Additional Information
LEADERSHIP AND EXTRACURRICULARS Penn Summer Abroad, Scholar of Environmental Studies, in Rotterdam & Berlin 
June
2015 - June 2015 Â· Engaged in a lecture series about water management and the Energiewende which fortified the immersion into the
culture of 
environmental sustainability in Rotterdam and Berlin for two weeks Â· Culminated in a presentation on strategic plan to implement
water management and Energiewende tactics to USA National Dominican Student Conference, Officer of Logistics and Finances 
Sept.
2014 - Mar. 2015 Â· Managed and balanced the conference's $26,000+ budget. Individually raised $3,800+ for the conference from
external 
sources and internal sources; like KIPP Through College, Greenfield Intercultural Center, PennKIPP Â· Coordinated and executed
three-day conference for 390 university students throughout the US Â· Designed and organized a Dominican Linguistics workshop by
inviting prestigious BYU Professor Alba and Dr. Ferreira CAMPUS INVOLVEMENT Grupo Quisqueyano (Dominican Student
Association), Officer of Finances 
Dec. 2014 
- Dec. 2016 Â· Administrated a budget of $800, and funding for the student organization
Dana How Scholar Program, Active Mentor 
Sept. 2013 
- Sept. 2016 Â· Volunteer to mentor and educate West Philadelphia high school
students in order to get them ready for college Big Brother Big Sister, Big Brother 
Sept. 2015 
- Sept. 2016 Â· Serve as a positive role
model and friend for children in West Philadelphia in an on-going one to one relationship MoneyThink, Active Mentor 
Sept. 2015 
- Sept.2016 Â· Structured personal finance lesson plans to fit the need of Philadelphia high school students in order to allow them 
to teach them
about being financially more independent