BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT DIRECTOR
Summary
I am looking for a challenging Business Development position that will utilize my knowledge and passion for sales while leveraging more than
twenty years of relationship building.
Highlights
Strong interpersonal skills including rapport building, listening, social versatility, courtesy and concern.
Solid sales call skills with proper preparation disciplines. This includes the ability to determine and communicate a clear meeting purpose,
question to identify needs, frame solutions in the context of value to the client, gain agreement to potential solution fit and gain closure on
next steps.
Solid communication skills including the ability to present an accurate and compelling overview of benefits, accomplished by using relevant
examples of other client's experiences, convincing the client of the value proposition, and constructing a solid proposal that is perceived by
the client as responsive to their needs.
Ability to develop winning sales strategies by taking into consideration key client factors such as compelling event(s), critical success
factors, stated and non-stated requirements, and the decision making landscape.
Ability to access appropriate client executives by making solid presentations and constructing proposals that address C level issues in
clear, concise, jargon-free language.
Ability to drive the sales strategy with an opportunity plan that includes specific sales objectives, appropriate strategies, and detailed
tactics.
Ability to anticipate the strategies employed by each competitor and the skill to craft successful, proactive solutions for winning the
business.
Ability to utilize the client organization chart to understand their formal structure and individual roles in the buying process.
Ability to create a relationship strategy for each key player that effects or is affected by the outcome of the buying decision.
Armchair Media (Atlanta Ga.) Director of Business Development (July 2009 Â​
March 2012)
Attracting new clients, developing current clients and penetrating existing markets to grow Armchair
Media's client base. Focusing on over arching digital strategies and implementation plans for Fortune 500 companies.
Intelligence gathering on clients, target prospects and industries to inform and support pursuit efforts.
Develop ongoing improvements to the process of prospecting, qualifying and closing key accounts.
Attend and develop market presence through networking/involvement with key associations, TAG, WIT, (Careers In Action Advisor),
AIMA (Board Member), AMA, Vistage International (Key Executive Member), among others.
Work with Strategist to effectively manage accounts, develop growth plans and opportunities within existing clients while delivering
superior customer service.
Consistently exceed sales goals; demonstrating focused sales efforts, leadership, and a solid understanding of the Armchair value
proposition.
Closed 2.5 Million in sales within the first calendar year.
Work with senior management as part of the planning team to develop company growth plans, define strategies for divisional input and
task to accomplish goals.
Develop presentations and execute agency overviews to potential clients.
Focus on new business opportunities generated through a number of prospecting and traditional business development channels including,
targeting fortune 500 clients and interactive market leaders.
Proposal development, submittal and follow-up
Develop and maintain client relationship, including meeting with representatives of existing and potential clients to collaborate and
communicate over arching online brand strategy, core capabilities and to discuss potential projects proposed by Armchair Media or client.
Manage the delivery of client service and business development strategies for all key clients
Secured new clients for Armchair including but not limited to: CNN, Turner, Cartoon Network, Coca-Cola, Phillip-Van Heusen, Disney,
The College Board and The Weather Channel
Key Skills:
Relationship management and interpersonal skills
Communication, influencing and negotiating skills
New Business strategy development and Implementation
Project management if or when needed
Presentation skills
Research and Report writing skills
Problem solving and decision making
Coaching & People relationship management (internal and external)
Key Attributes:
Professional and positive approach
Self motivated
Strong in building relationships and able to communicate at all levels
Team player
Dynamic and Creative
Definition 6 (Atlanta Ga.) Business Development Executive (March 2008 to July
2009)Consultant and sell services to include on-Line Media, Interactive Marketing, Web Traffic Analytics, SEO/SEM, Websites, Usability,
Hosting and Managed Services, Intranets, E-mail marketing and Social Media.
Acquire new clients for Definition 6 to include: Scientific Games, Mitsubishi Electric, Cox Communications, and Humana Health Care,
among others.
Develop ongoing improvements to the process of prospecting, qualifying and closing key accounts.
Attend and develop market presence through networking/involvement with key associations, TAG, WIT, AIMA, AMA among others.
Work with Client Services/Account Managers to effectively manage accounts, delivering superior customer service.
Consistently exceeded sales goals, demonstrating focused sales efforts, leadership, and a solid understanding of the Internet advertising
environment.
LBi Atlanta (Formerly Creative Digital Group (Atlanta Ga.) Director of Client
Development (January 2005 to
October 2008)
Consultant and sell services to include, Interactive Strategy & Branding, Emerging Technologies, Rich Media and SEM/SEO.
Acquire new clients for LBi to include: UPS, The Home Depot, ING Financial Services, Cox
Communications, Georgia Pacific, Humana Health Care, among others.
Work with Client Services/Account Managers to effectively manage accounts, delivering superior customer service.
Consistently exceeded sales goals, demonstrating focused sales efforts, leadership, and a solid understanding of the Internet advertising
environment.
Closed more than 2 Million in sales within the first calendar year, peak year of sales totaling 3.5 million.
Develop client relationship, including meeting with representatives of existing and potential clients to collaborate and communicate over
arching online brand strategy, core capabilities and to discuss potential projects proposed by LBi Atlanta or client.
VTA/Play (Atlanta, Ga.): Director of Sales and Marketing (September 2003 Â​
October 2005)
Develop marketing strategy for all rich media services, print design and marketing services and broadcast media services.
Create all proposals and presentations of services and present concepts to clients (Coca-Cola, Ciba
Vision, Home Depot, CNN, Zoo Atlanta, etc).
Work closely with Clients in conjunction with editors, rich media specialist and designers to ensure proper direction for projects.
Communicate with clients on daily basis for project updates, scheduling and feedback.
Work with marketing specialist to hold round table meetings and conduct client interviews in an effort to better understand current market
position and desired outcome.
Vertis Inc. (Atlanta Ga.): Account Executive (August 1998 Â​ September 2003)
Prospect for new clients and opportunities (selling, photography services, package design, print advertising, and direct mail).
Service current customers while cultivating new projects.
Work with designers to ensure deadlines are met and creative directions are followed. Attended press checks to ensure all brand
guidelines and standards were met.
Communicate with client to maintain expectations on photo shoots, concept presentations and objectives.
Work with client's marketing group to identify needs and create execution plan (Coca-Cola, Home Depot, etc.)
Additional Experience (1995 Â​ 1999)
Account Executive / Conway Southern
Territory Manager / Averitt Express
Sold transportation and logistical solutions to local large and mid size businesses.
Responsible for managing existing accounts, cold calling and prospecting for new accounts within Fulton, Gwinnett and DeKalb counties.
Additionally called on and developed the South Florida markets.
Experience
Business Development Director
 
03/2012
 
to 
01/2014
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for creating brand awareness within the defined market, building relationships with key executives, developing/pursuing leads,
and assisting consultants with qualifying and winning opportunities.
Assisted Managing director with recruiting efforts (On-Campusrecruiting from major universities, LinkedIn Recruiter).
Responsible for creating strategic and tactical plans to uncover and close a range of revenue projects.
Development and implementation of target account pursuits as well as current account development plans.
Training of consultants on tactics and strategies for farming accounts and identifying new business opportunities.
Infiltrating and influencing decision-makers at the highest levels within the account.
As the BDM I leverage these relationships to introduce SEI, create and pursue selling opportunities.
Management of demand generation activities, i.e., working with the consultants and delivery groups to determine the solution details and
approach.
This requires teamwork, fostering of relationships, and developing consensus.
Education
Associate of Arts
 
: 
Health Science
 
1999
 
Palm Beach Community College
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Health Science
Skills
photo, advertising, approach, agency, benefits, brand strategy, brand strategy, Branding, broadcast, business development, Business strategy, C,
closing, Coaching, cold calling, Strong interpersonal skills, communication skills, interpersonal skills, concept, concise, Consultant, Client, Clients,
customer service, decision making, delivery, direct mail, direction, E-mail, senior management, Financial, Focus, frame, leadership, listening,Director, Managing, marketing strategy, marketing, market, meetings, access, negotiating, Network, networking, next, package design, peak,
photography, presentations, Presentation skills, press, print advertising, print design, Problem solving, Project management, proposals, Proposal
development, proposal, Express, rapport, recruiting, Recruiter, Relationship management, Report writing, Research, selling, Sales, scheduling,
Scientific, Self motivated, Strategist, Strategy, strategic, teamwork, Team player, transportation, Vision, Websites