AN ACCOUNT CUM FINANCE MANAGER
Summary
I am team-oriented Accountant 
prepares clear, comprehensive financial reports for executive-level management.I did work as an Account
Manager in India for private sector company and also worked in financial sector only.
Right now, I am looking for an entry level position based on my study in the United states.
Highlights
From 1st March, 2016
Key Skills
Familiar with a vast array of Finance activities and management skills. Knowledge of basic computer
knowledge like MS Office, Word and Power point.
Accounts & Auditing
General Administration
Basic Computer
Costing
Knowledge, Tally 7.2 & 9 and ERP
Analytical reasoning
Financial statement analysis
Strength in regulatory
reporting
Compliance testing
knowledge
Understands foreign tax
reporting
Budget forecasting expertise
Account reconciliation expert
Financial planner
Complex problem solving
Effective time management
Excellent managerial
techniques
General ledger accounting
Expert in customer relations
Superior research skills
Advanced computer
proficiency (PC and Mac)
Accomplishments
Accounting Skills
 Â 
Operated computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information.
General Ledger Accounts
 Â 
Maintained accurate accounts including cash, inventory, prepaid, fixed assets, accounts payable, accrued expenses and line of credit
transactions.
I also have a vast knowledge of Taxation laws and policies.
Experience
An Account Cum Finance Manager
 
, 
05/2010
 
ï¼​ 
05/2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Gujarat Education Board.
Grand Project Investment Pattern of Investor on Diversification of Portfolio Management in recession Period Jan to March, 2009 Summer
Training 1)TITLE: - "Inventory Management" To know the Inventory level in manufacturing 
company 4)DURATION:- Two Months 
May
to July 2008 Projects Job experience I did work at RB Cars Pvt.
Ltd.
As an Account Cum Finance Manager since Last 
4 Years 
and 1 Months Business : Maruti Suzuki Authorised Dealer Trading and Services.
Duration : Since June 2010.
Handling all kinds of Account and Finance Activities.
Maintain two types of Accounts like Norms as per Income Tax and Maruti Suzuki India Ltd.
I am also take a part to take a decision with Top Management Long term planning for fund for doing business.
Prepare Documentation which required for TA and Inventory funding and Doing bargaining with financial institution for Interest rate on
borrowing for same business.
Responsible for Vat assessment, and prepare provisional balancesheet.
Other works doing which were done in Previous Company as per my previous Job profile.
Handle all kinds of Tax Related activities like Service Tax, Tds, Vat, Income Tax etc.Issue of C forms and activities related to 402 and 403 forms.
Also filing Return of Service Tax, TDS and Vat.
Maintain a stock and made a statement for cash credit purpose in bank.
Job experience 1 year and 7 months in "Ratnaveer Stainless Products Pvt Ltd" as a Post of an Account and Finance Executive.
Business : Exporter & Manufacturer of Stainless steel washer & fasteners.
Duration : Since August 2008.
Account cum Finance Executive
 
, 
01/2008
 
ï¼​ 
04/2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Account cum Finance Executive
 
, 
01/2008
 
ï¼​ 
04/2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Account & Finance Executive
General Ledger scrutiny.
Looking after Purchase bills, checking and verification of bills.
Looking after sales, Preparing sales report on daily basis.
Checking and Verification of supplier, contractors and transporter bills.
Checking and verification of Expenditure bills.
Maintain Daily Stock.
Booking of Foreign inward Remittance and Buyer's Credit Payment Doing Audit on Monthly Basis.
Basic Finance Knowledge related to LC and Export Packing credit Limit.
Knowledge of Bank Guarantee and Buyer's credit.
Knowledge related to Forward contract.
Monthly payment of service tax, Tds and vat.
Prepare Direct and Indirect expenses statement for costing.
Management Accounting Preparing liabilities statements for provision of expenses.
Make Credit & Debit note.
Scrutiny of debtor's outstanding balance.
Preparing of Bank Reconciliation Statement Preparing of Monthly, Quarterly, and Yearly Sales Tax Return.
Preparing of Quarterly TDS Return.
Issue of TDS Certificate.
Done Forex Entry on daily basis.
Issue and Collect "C" form.
Finalization of Accounts/ Audit Assisting my senior while finalization of accounts and in preparing Profit & Loss accounts and Balance
Sheet.
Hobbies Playing 
cricket, Traveling Languages English Hindi Gujarati Achievements/ Extracurricular activities: From the summer project I
have learned that how to actual processes are doing in the 
manufacturing company and how to maintain a strong relationship with seniors
and sub-ordinate in the corporate sector.
From the Grand project I have concluded that the thumb rule is shown the relation between risk and age is dependent to each other.
I have also got so many certificates, Medals and Cash prizes in Sports and Education at my college as well as school level.
Education
March 
2015
 
Devry University
 
M.S
 
Accounting
 
Accounting
U.S.A) 
Pursuing 
April 
2013 
Certified Public Accountant (CPA)(Part Time)
May 
2009
 
ICFAI University Gujarat University
 
Master of Business Administration (MBA)
 
Finance
 
Finance
April 
2007
 
Gujarat University
 
Bachelor Of Commerce (B. Com)
March 
2004
 
Gujarat Higher Secondary Education Board
 
HSC
 
Commerce
 
Commerce
Personal Information
Citizenship : Indian * Date of birth : 13th 
October 1986 Contact e-mail : patelsujaym54@yahoo.com Permanent Address 12, Girdhar Nagar
Society, At & Po. & Ta. - Savli, Dist. : Vadodara- 391770, Gujarat, INDIA Profile
Additional Information
Citizenship : Indian * Date of birth : 13th 
October 1986 Contact e-mail : patelsujaym54@yahoo.com Permanent Address 12, Girdhar
Nagar Society, At & Po. & Ta. - Savli, Dist. : Vadodara- 391770, Gujarat, INDIA Profile
Handle all organization Activities Related to my Field
Skills
Accounting, Auditing, balance, Balance Sheet, Bank Reconciliation, Basic, C, computer knowledge, Costing, Certified Public Accountant, CPA,
Credit, Debit, Documentation, English, ERP, filing, Finance, financial, Forex, forms, General Ledger, Hindi, Inventory, Inventory Management,
management skills, MS Office, works, Problem solving, processes, Profit, quick, Sales, Tax, TDS