CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS FIELD REPRESENTATIVE
Summary
Result-oriented, high-energy, hands-on professional. Highly motivated, creative, organized and versatile person, with over twelve years' experience
within the Construction Materials Inspection and Testing industry. I possess the ability to solve complex problems in a fast-paced environment, by
using critical thinking and assertiveness. I have proven ability to self-direct, complete projects with limited supervision and grasp new concepts and
ideas effectively. I am talented in team building, seeing opportunities, strategic planning and leadership development for effective strategy execution.
I am logical and purposeful in my approach to creating and delivering value. My personality is very even keeled, which provides me the ability to
acclimate to any environment. I will prove to be an asset to your company. I can assure you that my work experience and initiative will help me
achieve all goals expected of me. SPECIALITIES: Strong leadership, excellent communication skills (verbal, written, media), competent, excellent
presentation, service-oriented, active listener, social perceptiveness, critical thinker, strong team player, detail-oriented, goal-oriented, motivated,
dutiful respect for compliance in all regulatory organizations.
Accomplishments
Asphalt Paving Technician, Level 1: Florida Department of Transportation (May 2005) -Earthwork Construction Inspection: Florida
Department of Transportation (September 2005) - Asphalt Paving Technician, Level1B: Texas Department of Transportation (October
2008) - Soils &Flexible Base Technician, S102B: Texas Department of Transportation (October 2007).
Experience
01/2007
 
to 
Current
Construction Materials Field Representative
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Performs field investigations, engineering analyses, construction monitoring Performs core sampling and soil analysis on surveying projects
Performs field and laboratory testing on construction materials Performs Post-Tension Stressing Observations and Inspections on Post-
Tensioned Slabs Performs testing in the Field and Laboratory for sampling and inspection of Construction Materials to determine
conformance with specifications.
Assists with the maintenance of laboratory and field equipment and arranges for procurement of new equipment as needed.
Assists with the calibration of Field Equipment as needed Reviews architectural, civil, structural drawings and specifications for code
specifications and structural integrity Performs Fire Stop Systems, Fire Proofing Systems and Fire Rating Inspections Reviews project plans
and specifications to prepare and coordinate testing scope for various projects including, University of Texas System, City of Austin,
Leander ISD, Austin-Bergstrom Airport Aviation Authority, Texas Facilities Commission & Travis County Government.
01/2005
 
to 
01/2006
Construction Materials Field Representative
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Performed compaction testing of placed fill, and asphalt.
Sampled soil, aggregate, concrete, grout, and hot-mixed asphalt.
Performed various testing of soils, asphalt, and concrete, including triaxial shear, permeability, soil cement mix designs, and asphalt mix
designs Observed and oversaw asphalt coring, and oversized fill placement.
Inspected post-tension cables for slab-on-grade, epoxy bolts, and rebar for masonry.
Laboratory testing included sieve analysis, plasticity index, proctor, specific gravity, swell, hydrometer, consolidation, moisture/density, PH,
resistivity, sand equivalent, rice, Marshall Unit weight, oil content, and compressive strength of concrete and grout.
Attended and participated in professional association meetings and functions.
01/2003
 
to 
01/2005
Construction Materials Field Representative F 
Construction Materials Field Representative
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Performed compaction testing of placed fill, sampled concrete and sampled hot-mixed asphalt Performed compaction tests on asphalt to
determine roll patterns, asphalt coring, sampled aggregates for asphalt mix design Performed Laboratory testing included sieve analysis,
plasticity index, proctor, specific gravity, sand calibration, rice and Marshall unit weight Performed field evaluation of project sites for
geotechnical evaluations including logging boring/test pit/rock core explorations, soil classification and sampling and 
percolation testing
Coordinated 
utilities locate and traffic control when needed and preparing site descriptions for geotechnical evaluation reports Performed
Reinforcing Steel Inspections on various types of structures.
Education and Training
July 2008
Bachelor Of Science
 
: 
Construction Management
 
Belford University
 
Construction Management
July 1984
Ordinary Level
 
University of London
Skills
cables, calibration, inspection, Laboratory testing, logging, masonry, procurement, Proofing