SOUS CHEF
Executive Profile
I am an eager, professional and committed Chef, who is passionate about 
great food and whom when working in a kitchen always maintain my
finger on the pulse of the heart of establishment. 
I am committed in developing my personal and culinary abilities to the fullest extent. 
I have vast
long termed experience in cooking high quality breakfast, lunch, and evening meals, while driving food values forward. 
I am now seeking a suitable
position with a company that offers a truly unique environment to work in along with excellent career development opportunities.
Core Accomplishments
Enhanced customer satisfaction level up to 60% by demonstrating fine culinary and management skills in the kitchen and dining area.
Created signature main course dishes and a dessert that are on the menu till date.
Reduced order service time by 30%, through effective order and synchronization in implementation of timely prep exercises at the main course
work stations.
Professional Experience
May 2015
to
February 2016
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sous Chef
• Mentoring, training and supporting junior chefs.
• Prepared and cooked, nutritious and well balanced meals for patrons. • Managed basic preparation of food together with 
Head Chef.
• Created and decided design of menus with careful management of the quantities of food to be cooked and size of portions to be executed.
• Created dishes for patrons with special dietary or cultural needs.
• Supervised kitchen staff to maintain safety, ensuring personnel always wore appropriate clothing and head wear in accordance with the
relevant guidelines.
• Supervised back of the house staff on their daily tasks, created and maintained staff scheduling optimizing in house personnel ensuring and
satisfying cost efficiencies.
• Negotiating with sales representatives on the price of orders and supplies.
• Hotline management.
• Created menus by producing taste samplers presented to owners satisfaction which were implemented as part of our daily menu specials.
October 2006
to
February 2016
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Sous Chef/First Cook
In charge of product and produce purchasing.
Responsible for maintaining and inspecting kitchen produce as well as "walk-in" ensuring the quality and integrity of food supply ensuring
optimal cleanliness.
Mentoring, training and supporting junior chefs, cooks and other back of the house personnel. 
Instructing in the proper perceiving and
cooking techniques.
Managed all action stations while maintaining high standards as well as ensuring food quality.
Maintained OSHA and safety regulations.
Monitored food preparation methods, portion sizes, garnishing and presentation of food ensuring food was prepared and presented in an
optimal pristine manner.
Created and maintained food and equipment inventories and reliable records.
Established standards for personnel performance and customer service satisfaction.
Created and planned menus and food utilization based on the anticipated number of guests, nutritional values, palatability, popularity, and
costs efficiencies.
Maintained records required by law and local government agencies regarding sanitation, and food subsidies as appropriate.
Created "test taste menus" by creating food samples for tasting and smelling to ensure palatability and flavor conformity.
Reviewed work procedures and operational issues to determine ways to improve service, performance, and or safety.
Created specialty dishes and developed recipes which were later 
used used and placed on permanent menus in dining facilities.
July 2003
to
November 2006Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Chef/ Cook 2
Menu sampling and setting recipe amendments for special events and catering alongside of Executive Chef.
Order Synchronization and maintenance of inventory control ensuring cost and stock management.
Customer Service satisfaction intake.
Hygiene assurance by food inspection withing the guidelines of health and infection control.
Hospitality training and mentoring of new personnel.
Responsible for maintaining daily breakfast and lunch specials by running assigned stations.
June 1999
to
February 2002
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Line Cook
Assisted management in all manners of running and preserving integrity of the "hot line".
Managed and maintained mise en place stations.
Responsible with assisting Executive Chef in creating daily specials and menus.
Responsible for proper food preparation and running work station 
while maintaining optimal line flow.
Education
1999
NEW YORK RESTAURANT SCHOOL
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
 
Associate of Applied Science
 
: 
Culinary Arts 
GPA: 
GPA: 8
Completed and graduated with a 3.8 GPA in Associates degree to applied science of Culinary Arts.
Held an internship at the New Jersey performing arts center. Newark, N.J.
Skills
Culinary attributes
• Strong desire to instill good practice and procedures in those working with you.
• Mentoring, training and supporting junior chefs.
• Ability to bring creative and commercially viable new lines to the market before any competitors do.
• Physically fit and able to lift heavy goods and stand for long periods of time.
• Able to communicate well with both superiors and subordinates.
• Can accurately estimate food and labor costs.
• Enforcing strict health and hygiene standards in the cooking & food preparation area.
• Assisting head chef in the basic and full preparation of food.
• Management of meal preparations by properly overseeing the quantities of foods to be cooked and the size of portions to be served.
• Creating dishes for clients with special dietary or cultural needs.
• Management of health and OSHA regulations by making sure that kitchen staff always wore appropriate clothing and head wear in
accordance with the relevant state and local law guidelines.
• Negotiating price and productivity of supplies with sales representatives upon purchase orders.
• Maintaining the correct level of fresh, frozen and dried foods in the "walk-in" as well as store room.