TRANSACTION PROCESSING ANALYST
Summary
Dependable individual who brings management experience and a willingness to take on added responsibility to meet tight deadlines. Enthusiastic
team player with a strong work ethic and advanced complex problem solving skills. Dedicated person demonstrating effective leadership in all
aspects of the job. 
Dedicated serviceman focused on applying 6 years of military Multimedia Illustration experience to gain employment in the
civilian sector. Exceptionally hard worker well-versed in Adobe CS5, Graphic Design, Excel, Word and Power Point. An individual who is
passionate, creative and multi-talented, a hands on professional that has a great attitude and fun to work with.
Accomplishments
Joined the Army Reserve at 17 for a total enlisted term of 8 years. Became assistant manager at Buffalo's SW Cafe after one year of working
there.Â 
 Received a merit raise for strong attention to detail, exemplary customer service and team-player attitude.Â Consistently generated
additional revenue through skilled sales techniques. Became Theater manager after 13 months as a security guard.Â 
 Successfully decreased staff
turnover by 
10
 % in 
5
 
months, by increasing moral.Â 
 Managed the training for over 200 employees.Â Initiated new merchandise store inside
theater which resulted in increased sales.Â Served as key contributing member to Leadership team. joined Accenture in 2014 and was given
responsibility for advanced analytics reports after 6 months. promoted to financial analyst after 12 months.Â 
 Led the development of more than 
4
new financial reporting methods to measure productivity and efficiency.Increased cost-effectiveness through compliance enforcement and
implementation of a new quality control system.
Experience
Company Name
 
December 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Transaction processing Analyst
 
City
 
, 
State
Provided EVMS support to Control Account Managers (CAMs) on F100/OME and Power systems financial reports.
Assisted CAMs with planning and development of Work Breakdown Structure (WBS).
Completed plan Change Requests to add, de-scope, reprofile future work/budget.
Met with CAMs to review data related to their projects, particularly Schedule, Performance, Actual data and resulting variances.
Created Work Release Authorizations (WRAs) for baseline changes and new activities.
Created Interdivisional Work Authorizations (IDWAs) in SAP.
 Charge number maintenance.
 Supporting monthly EV Metrics to central
engineering, including review of variance explanations, forecasts, and
performance/data updates.
 Supported the quarterly manpower planning
process by updating forecast project hours with CAM input and/or proposal hours
in Basis of Estimate (BOE).
 Reduced closing time for monthly and quarterly close by implementing new consolidation procedures.
 Restructured and analyzedÂ 
 SAP, Business Warehouse, and Winsight
 Â to improve budget reporting.
Company Name
 
July 2010
 
to 
February 2014
 
Theatre Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Trained, coached and mentored staff.
Implemented innovative programs to increase employee loyalty and reduce turnover.
Strengthened company's business by leading implementation of fairness and equality for all employees Worked directly with our support
office and other managers to achieve objectives.
Created new revenue streams through our in house studio store.
Developed and rolled out new policies.
Exceeded company objectives for the studio store by increasing revenue.
Company Name
 
March 2008
 
to 
September 2010
 
Assistant Manager
 
Trained around 20 of the staff.
Developed and rolled out new policies.
Trained, coached and mentored staff to ensure smooth adoption of new programs or policies.
Company Name
 
July 2007
 
to 
July 2013
 
Multimedia Illustrator
 
Trained in the use of tear gas and explosives.
Served as custodian of classified documents.
Prepared documents for destruction.
Operated and maintained communications equipment.
Performed as a fire team member during situational training exercises and all infantry dismounted battle drills.
Documented and processed classified materials.
Tracked personnel and supplies within the company.
Maintained 100% accountability of all assigned equipment worth more than $20,000.
Planned and briefed personnel on missions.
Constructed and camouflaged infantry positions and equipment to prevent detection.
Translated complex concepts and data into compelling visuals for media outreach.Designed new on-brand visual elements to effectively convey concepts and messaging.
Maintained consistent use of graphic imagery in materials and other marketing outreach.
Generated new ideas with limited direction and varied internal client needs.
Presented projects to internal clients.
Generated computer graphics and page-layout software, graphic elements and photography.
Edited existing PowerPoint slides to enhance the corporate message.
Generated detailed specs of final designs.
Carefully proofread labels and sales materials prior to printing.
Created aesthetically-pleasing advertisements that complemented the products.
Researched current and emerging art and graphic design technologies.
Education
Art Institute of San Antonio
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Media Arts and Animation
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Media Arts and Animation
Sandra Day O'Connor High School
 
High School Diploma
 
City
 
, 
State
Skills
Adobe, advertisements, art, coaching, interpersonal communication, Excellent communication, Creative design, client satisfaction, customer
service, Dependable, adaptable learner, Staff training, First Aid, Government security clearance, graphic design, computer graphics, Leadership
ability, marketing, organized individual, messaging, Microsoft office, PowerPoint, Weapons training, page-layout, critical thinker, photography,
policies, very fast learner, sales, scheduling, tear gas training, Troubleshooting, Honesty, loyalty, integrity, proficient in SAP, EVMS