CONSULTANT
Career Focus
Analytical and results oriented professional with 2+ years of extensive experience in conducting, analyzing and interpreting customer, competitor
and market intelligence across the marketing spectrum on customer segmentations and product categories. Excellent analytical skills and a strong
sense of structure and logic. Ability to prepare high quality presentation and spreadsheet models. Passionate about providing high quality, cutting
edge research and have an understanding of the complex profile of consumers and how business can tap directly into their habits, aspirations and
attitudes Hands on experience working on projects encompassing market analysis, organization structures analysis, competitive benchmarking,
financial analysis and other best practice studies across industries. Demonstrated ability to work effectively, both independently and in a team
environment, in an atmosphere of multiple projects, shifting priorities, and deadline pressures. A confident and concise communicator with excellent
relationship & team management skills. Possess a flexible & detail oriented attitude.
Summary of Skills
Familiar with SPSS software. 
Expert at MS Word, Excel and PowerPoint. 
Proficient in databases such as Gartner, Forrester, Datamonitor,
OneSource, Factiva.
Professional Experience
Consultant
 
April 2012
 
to 
April 2014
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Capgemini Consulting is the strategy and transformation consulting brand of Capgemini Group, with over 3000 business consultants serving
clients across 5 continents across verticals) Key Responsibilities: Investigate & understand key business issues across verticals and
providing clear, concise and timely analysis & recommendations.
Capable of designing research methods and turn research findings, market data and industry knowledge into actionable insights, providing
critical thinking, insightful and forward looking statements that impact client's business.
Played a key role in redesigning the company's product offerings in response to a quickly changing market by researching the market
extensively and developing comprehensive product profiles.
Employ a wide range of research tools, including primary and secondary sources alongside quantitative and qualitative consumer and
business research.
Liaison directly with internal clients for project requirements and provide continued assistance through a consulting project.
Interact with personnel of multiple departments and at various levels in the organization.
Projects Executed: Strategic Research: Conducted independent in-depth and insightful research using databases and open source as a part
of consulting engagement teams in developing strategies that affect businesses of global clientele.
Market Study / Competitor Analysis: Analyzing market size and growth, understanding trends and identifying key competitors and study the
dynamic issues and events that affect the industry.
Engagements include leading vendor analysis of the SaaS HCM market, Big Data analytics competitor landscape study for an IT major
client, market analysis for a green technology manufacturer, etc.
Conducted a vendor analysis and benchmarking study on social media monitoring tools to identify the effectiveness of each of the tools.
Best Practices Study / Benchmarking of Best Practices: Preparation of in-depth case studies of best-in-class organizations and
benchmarking of costs, technologies and best practices across multiple verticals.
Projects include strategic, financial and operational benchmarking for a leading mid-stream Oil & Gas Company, social media benchmarking
study for a leading pharma company, identify leading digital practices in wealth management industry etc.
Client Interface: Built client relationships as an advisor in order to solve critical business problems.
Supported client needs in a timely and efficient manner demonstrating a sense of urgency, tenacity, and commitment to quality and excellent
client management.
Intern
 
April 2011
 
to 
June 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Pantaloon Retail is the flagship company of Future Group, India's retail pioneer, serving over 220 million customers across 85 cities and 60
rural locations through retail formats such as Big Bazaar, Central Malls and HomeTown) Customer Experience Management: Designed and
implemented a marketing plan which included market research data from surveys, market analysis and revenue forecasts before and after
implementation of the plan.
Commercial evaluation of Activations: Implemented sales promotion plans & new store concepts to generate sales for achievement of
targets; coordinated the in-store promotional activities for new releases & special products.
Made recommendations on the financial feasibility of these activations and return on investment, based on the findings.
Activations Management: Responsible for planning and managing the activations at Bangalore Central in order to drive sales.
Intern
 
April 2008
 
to 
June 2008
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
The Goldman Sachs is leading global investment banking, securities and investment management firm that provides a wide range of financial
services to a substantial and diversified client base that includes corporations, financial institutions, governments and high-net- worth
individuals.) Investment Banking Operations: Worked with the team Treasury of Goldman Sachs to understand the key investment banking
operations and studied the effectiveness of key investment banking operations.
Recommended a revision of the current threshold amount for inbound and outbound claims (interest claims, market fines and use of funds)
resulting in a 58% increase in productivity of treasury team and reducing the total number of claims by 72%.
EducationMaster's
 
: 
Business Administration Marketing Management
 
, 
2012
 
Christ University
 
India
 
Business Administration Marketing Management
Bachelor's
 
: 
Business Management
 
, 
2010
 
Christ University
 
India
 
Business Management
Additional Information
OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS: Received the 'Rewards and Recognition Award' within one year of service at Capgemini Consulting for
outstanding work delivered in the month of April 2013
Skills
Benchmarking, Big Data, business research, Competitor Analysis, concise, Consulting, client management, critical thinking, clientele, Client, clients,
databases, designing, financial, funds, Investment Banking, investment management, managing, Analyzing market, market analysis, marketing plan,
market research, Market, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Word, Oil, personnel, promotion, quality, researching, Research, Retail, sales, securities, SPSS,
strategy, Strategic, surveys, Treasury, wealth management