AVIATION ENGINEER
Profile
Innovative Electrical Engineer specialized in operations management.Team-oriented Electrical Engineer with over four years experience designing,
developing and testing electronic products.Skilled Electrical Engineer with over 2 years experience refining workflow processes and improving
organizational efficiency.Experienced CAD Drafter with solid knowledge of the practical application of engineering science and technology. Proven
ability to manage multiple projects and meet critical deadlines.Dedicated [job title] with excellent technical, analytical and communication skills
demonstrated by [number] years of experience.
Skills
Training program implementation
Project management
Scheduling tools
Scheduling tools
Process piping
Semi-conductor machine design
Structural red-line revisions Electrical drafting
Accomplishments
Testing, Evaluation and Analysis:
 Â 
Tested equipment to ensure compliance.
Analyzed data and provided recommendations which resulted in adoption of new cost-saving equipment.
Research and Development
 Â 
Managed voice communications R&D department, resulting in three new products on the market and a generation of an excess of $2M in
revenues.
Innovative Design
 Â 
Developed automated visual inspection system for accepting and rejecting glass flares based on their physical dimensions and geometry,
speeding up product sorting process by 100%.
Drafting
 Â 
Prepared sheet metal fabrication drawings, modifications and commercial specification drawings in compliance with company's drafting
standards.
Organizational Design
 Â 
Prepared plans and layouts for equipment or system arrangements and space allocation.
Project Coordination
 Â 
Provided drafting and project set-up support to the communications staff, creating initial to final drawings for two light rail engineering
projects.
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
Aviation Engineer
 
01/2015
 
to 
Current
Established and helped in the production line of the Auxiliary Power Unit overhaul facility.
Focused on the following APU units: GTCP85-180-L-C, GTC85-56-70A-71-72, and T-62T-40-1 mainly used on C-130 Hercules, and
helicopters.
Involved in repair scheme design, test cell, operational performance, drawings, manual interpretation, tooling, equipment improvement, and
troubleshooting of engine problems, both in house and in the field.
Worked on instruction writing, reports, as well as building document revisions.
For example, quality deficiency reports, purchase orders, quality reports, repair orders, engineering reports, capital expenditures, manual
revisions and more.
Developed and optimized tooling, manufacturing, and ground support equipment reviews for open issues or improvements.
Worked on PT6A, T56, and 501 engines mainly in accessory testing and test cell operations.
Designed tooling equipment, electrical circuitry, and hydraulic systems using CATIA V5.
Designed and built testing bench for APU using data acquisition system and measurement devices such as digital readouts, pressure gauges,
and level sensors.
Provided technical support to the Accessory shop department, Engineering department, Machine Shop, Test cell, Management, and the
Operation's department.
Performed receiving and detailed inspection of incoming parts, accessories, and engines to the overhaul facility.
Contact: John McIntosh 
Vice-president of engineering 
mobile: (+1 7526269604.Company Name
 
City
 
Intern
 
01/2013
Provided technical support in part design using CATIA (computer-aided three dimensional interactive applications) for aircraft
implementation.
Participated in the improvements of engineering software, and designed several components for fuel controls, starters, coordinators and fuel
nozzles for different turboprop engines.
Developed linearization software to help the pre-test process of 501 coordinators.
Contact: Leonardo Marcano mobile: (+1 7862569004.
Company Name
 
City
 
Aerospace Engineer
 
01/2014
 
to 
01/2015
Member of the AIAA and the front line team that developed a novel cooling design system for turbine blades.
Throughout this process, computational fluid dynamic software (STARCCM) and CAD were highly implemented to simulate different
geometries inside a wind tunnel.
Pressures, temperatures, velocities among other important physical quantities were analyzed in 40 different geometries.
This project contributed with the optimization process of turbine blades and aided them to achieve higher temperature levels and efficiency.
It is not a secret in today's industry that turbine engines are able to produce extremely high inlet temperatures when they implement cooling
impingement, which allow them to cool down the system without harming the performance of the engine.
Also, it allows the engine to achieve higher efficiency levels.
Upon this experiment, a research paper was written and patented.
Education and Training
Bachelors of Science
 
:
 
Aerospace Engineering
 
2015
 
EMBRY-RIDDLE AERONAUTICAL UNIVERSITY
 
, 
City
 
, 
USA
 
Aerospace Engineering
Applied Mathematics
 
2014
 
EMBRY-RIDDLE AERONAUTICAL UNIVERSITY
 
, 
City
 
, 
USA
 
Applied Mathematics
High School Degree
 
2010
 
UNIDAD EDUCATIVA SAN NICOLA
 
, 
City
 
, 
Venezuela
Languages
English (fluent), Spanish (native), French (Beginner)
Interests
US History; Latin American History; Universal History; Baseball, Soccer, Basketball, Table Tennis, Tennis, Travel, Politics, 
Knowledge Transfer;
Speech, Economy;
Additional Information
Interests: US History; Latin American History; Universal History; Baseball, Soccer, Basketball, Table Tennis, Tennis, Travel, Politics,
Knowledge Transfer; Speech, Economy;
Skills
C, CAD, capital expenditures, CATIA, CRM, data acquisition, English, experiment, French, inspection, instruction, interpretation, Maple,
MATLAB, Nastran, novel, optimization, quality, receiving, research, scheme, Spanish, technical support, troubleshooting, written