DIRECTOR OF PR & SOCIAL MEDIA
Executive Profile
Dynamic and results-driven Senior Public Relations Executive with 
over 7 years of experience in impacting brand presence, performance and
profitability internationally. Strategic leader with notable success in 
development and execution of public relations, marketing & social 
media
campaigns. Well-connected individual with an extensive global 
network of editors, journalists, stylists, producers, talent agents and 
fashion
influentials. Well-versed in multiple social media platforms 
with a proven track record of establishing social media presence.
Areas of Expertise
Media Relations
Marketing Collateral Development
Market Launches
Strategic Planning & Execution
Internal Communications
Acceleration of Social Media Footprint
Social Media Strategy & Execution
Budgetary Planning
Client Relationship Management
Strategic Partnerships/Alliances
Community Outreach
Crisis Management
Event Planning & Fashion Show Production
Data Analysis
Professional Experience
Director of PR & Social Media
 
06/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Lead the PR & Social Media 
Strategy for the relaunch of dELiA*s, successfully repositioning the 
company as a leading teen brand among its
competitors.
Managed critical sponsorship 
opportunities for dELiA*s with Teen Vogue's Back To School Program, 5 
Seconds of Summer Concert Series,
BearPaw x dELiA*s free ads on the 
Geoffrey Tron Screen in Times Square.
Secured extensive Press & 
Social Media coverage for dELiA*s November Catalog Cover: Teen wonderchef 
and NY Times Cover Star, Flynn
McGarry.
Spearheaded and managed the PR 
& Social Media Campaigns for Alloy Apparel that took critical market 
share and social media footprint from
Long Tall Sally as a leader in Tall 
Women's Clothing in 6 months.
Initiated the use of User 
Generated Content (UGC)on each brand's website and paid ads, resulting in 
a substantial increase in positive brand
sentiment, brand awareness and 
brand revenue
Increased brand revenue for 
both companies through social media efforts that amounted revenue 5 times bigger than 
the initial investment.
Created a brand ambassador program 
for both companies that included a series of high-profile bloggers, 
influencers and celebrities at no cost for
each brand that served as a 
continuous form of income and brand awareness
Collaborated with E-Commerce 
and Marketing to support and drive key promotions organically as 
well as through paid media campaigns
Provided in-depth data analysis 
and social media reporting for each brand
Managed budgets and made best 
use of budgetary funds
Managed an internal team of 3, an external PR agency, an external ad agency, 1 UGC management agency.
Nurtured & cultivated strong 
relationships with Fashion Directors, key Trade, Ad and Finance publications, Fashion Stylists and Bloggers in the
contemporary and teen markets.
PR Manager
 
02/2012
 
to 
06/2015
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Primary Press Liaison for Foley+Corinna, Isabella Fiore, Snob Essentials, Charlotte Ronson, L.A.M.B.and NARR.
Managed a staff of 4 employees for the development and execution of global public relations, event planning, marketing and advertising programs
in the US and South Korea.
Secured a continuous stream of high-profile celebrity, blogger, fashion influencer, TV, print and web placements for each brand.
Secured strategic partnerships with the CFDA, Faberge's Big Egg Hunt, 
Christie's, Studio in A School, Covet Fashion, 
Refinery29 Shops,
Celebrity Exotics, Lucky Shops, SpringNYC at no cost for the company.
Seasonally collaborated with Seventh House PR, Factory PR, HL Group, Autumn Communications, Paul 
Wilmot Communications during event &
fashion show production, West Coast initiatives and celebrity seeding opportunities.
Initiated and lead the Brand Revival initiative for Isabella Fiore.Managed strategy around the launch of Foley+Corinna, Isabella Fiore and Snob Essentials with HSN.
Played an incremental role Brand Strategy development, Marketing activation and Brand Extension Initiative.
Responsible for all charitable initiatives.
Assisted in the production of the Charlotte Ronson and L.A.M.B. fashion shows and presentations during NYFW.
Served as the official company spokesperson.
Account Executive
 
07/2011
 
to 
02/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed 8 client accounts (Jewelry, Accessories, Contemporary Clothing, Handbags, Denim)
Secured numerous high-visibility product placements by maintaining close communications with major celebrity representatives/stylists, top editors,
bloggers and high-fashion tastemakers.
Brought in 21 new potential client accounts within a 2-month period 
Spearheaded and organizing partnerships/collaborations with charity organizations (Project: Camille Zarsky - Charity Water)
Introduced a dynamic collaboration initiative and celebrity endorsements for up-and-coming designers
Supervised social media activity for 3 client accounts
Spearheaded Shine Media's international service outreach in Paris
Produced a tangible increase in brand awareness and customer demand for each client.
PR & Marketing Coordinator
 
09/2009
 
to 
02/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Handled all communications with press, media, stylists and celebrities.
Researched and secured 12 luxury advertising partners.
Covered shows and conducted interviews with designers during New York Fashion Week (September 2009).
Negotiated new high-profile partnership opportunities.
Public Relations Executive
 
01/2009
 
to 
07/2011
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Managed all client accounts (Ready-to-Wear, Accessories, Lifestyle, Hospitality, Education.
Secured the most magazine covers and celebrity placements in the history 
of the agency (Beyonce, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Vanessa Hudgens, Kelly
Clarkson, Scarlett Johansson, Paris Hilton, etc.)
Wrote, formatted and disseminated key press materials (press and news releases, fact sheets, bios, newsletters).
In charge of the agency's social media pages, website content updates and email newsletter.
Actively seeked & secured new partnership and sponsorship opportunities (Swarovski, CFDA).
Produced annual reports, new client proposals, new marketing and advertising material for the agency and its clients.
Communicated daily with major national & international publications, newspapers, stylists and bloggers regarding sample requests and media
placements.
Fostered relationships and networking opportunities with colleagues, clients and media.
Organized and produced Fashion Week presentations, launch events and press previews for a variety of clients.
Managed the US press for the Inaugural Event of the Burj Khalifa Tower in Dubai.
Public Relations Associate
 
08/2008
 
to 
10/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted in all aspects of preparation and production of eight fashion shows during New York Fashion Week (Mara Hoffman, Alexandre
Herchcovitch, Buckler, 
Sabyasatchi, Yigal Azrouel, Araks, Jeremy Scott, House of Holland)
Preparation and execution of high-profile events and after-parties during Fashion Week
Created daily and monthly Press ClipsUpdated Press, Trade and Media Contact Lists,
Responsible sample trafficking and sample database.
Public Relations & Global Communications Assistant
 
11/2007
 
to 
05/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Played a key role in the communications for the launch of Vera Wang's new advertising campaign in Greece.
Assisted in the production of Vera Wang's Ready-to-Wear and Lavender Label fashion shows during NY fashion week (February 2008).
Responsible for sample trafficking to publications (sending, monitoring and receiving samples).
Created monthly credit reports.
Marketing Intern
 
11/2007
 
to 
04/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted during company presentations to new clients.
Edited press and marketing materials.
Communicated with high-end accounts and delivered brand assets as needed (Barneys, Selfridges, Harvey Nichols, The Mandarin Oriental).
Handled all sample requests.
Education
Master of Science
 
: 
Marketing
 
9/2006
 
UNIVERSITY OF BATH
 
City
 
, 
United Kingdom
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
International 
Economic & Political Studies 
9/2005
 
UNIVERSITY OF MACEDONIA
 
City
 
, 
Greece
Minor: Political Studies and Diplomacy
?
Thesis: 
The Phenomenon of Brand Extension of International Luxury Brands
?
Model of United Nations (MUN)
- General Assembly UN (2014)
- Supreme Court of The Hague (2013)
Languages
Greek
 - Native, 
English
 
(US Resident) - Fluent (Proficiency of Cambridge, TOEFL), 
French 
- Fluent (Sorbonne I), 
Spanish
 
- Intermediate
(Basico), 
Japanese
 
-Beginner (1 year)
Technical Skills
MAC OS, Microsoft Office, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, Photoshop,Cision, Fashion GPS, Social Annex.