CONCRETE CONSTRUCTION
Summary
A highly experienced professional who possess the required level of retail management know how needed to inspire, lead, develop and motivate
staff. There by helping them to achieve outstanding results through passion, innovation and support. Key qualities include innovation in product
range and responsiveness to market trends, as well as being able to give superb product knowledge and training to junior staff so they can deliver
industry leading advice and service to customers. 
Also having a real passion for retailing, with a strong desire to exceed customer expectations.
Currently looking for a suitable position with an exciting retailer who promotes from within and rewards achievers.
Highlights
Professional
Familiar with a computerized warehouse system.
Able to work at elevated heights up to 30 feet.
Maintaining a clean, organized and safe work environment.
Ability to organize and prioritize job tasks and requirements.
Establishing safety procedures.
Accurately interpreting instructions.
Demonstrating integrity and respect to senior managers at all times.
PersonalÂ 
Physically fit and able to work in hot or cold environments.
Possessing math proficiency and strong communication skills.
Excellent organizational, time management and customer relations skills.
Accomplishments
Over Exceeding Award
Successfully completed the company's rigorous employee development program.
Commended for having a perfect attendance for 
10 months.
Promoted to supervisorÂ after a yearÂ of employment.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Concrete Construction
 
03/2015
 
to 
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
RETAIL FLOOR MANAGER
 
01/2014
 
to 
01/2015
Having overall accountability for growing the sales and profitability throughout each area of the store.
Managing teams to deliver proper merchandising and compliance throughout the operation, as well as delivering excellent standards of
customer service.
Duties: Driving and maximizing the sales and profitability of the store to achieve growth.
Monitoring and review staff and store performance on a regular basis.
Driving sales through maximizing team performance.
Organizing, preparing and arranging promotional materials and displays.
Maximizing sales through effective merchandising.
Leading by example in all aspects of the role.
Recruiting, training, supervising and appraising staff.
Maintaining accurate statistical and financial records.
Creating a combination of real value for money and outstanding customer service.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Supervisor
 
01/2005
 
to 
01/2014
Maintaining optimal stock levels to ensure timely availability of products.
Managing an Inventory team comprising of Shift Managers and team leaders.
Setting operational standards for all staff to follow.
Managing excess and ageing stock.
Reviewing service levels on a continuous basis.
Using electronic inventory tracking to scan stock and reconcile inventory.
Minimizing exposure to obsolete and excess stock.
Putting forward recommendations for operational policy, procedures and goals.
Creating and maintaining spreadsheets to report and analyze data.
Recruiting, hiring and managing a team of Inventory Counters.
Maintaining effective business relationships with customers.
Presenting written reports and analyses to senior managers.
Using scanning terminals, and professional fixed asset tracking software.
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES Management A methodical approach to figures and reporting.
A solid understanding of inventory related best practice.
Coordinating inventory related projects.
Knowledge of demand and supply planning.
Excellent numerical and logical analytics skills.
Ability to manage multiple tasks through effective prioritisation.
Understanding and following work rules and procedures.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
WAREHOUSE WORKER
 
01/2004
 
to 
01/2007
Operating power material handling equipment to accurately select and palletize loads.
Moving pallets by hand, hand truck, electric pallet jack, or manual pallet jack.
Packaging merchandise for shipment.Shrink wrapping goods for loading onto trailers.
Finding stock and merchandise in the warehouse.
Ensuring that the correct labels are on all stored pallets.
Routinely cleaning all warehouse areas and containers.
Loading and unloading trucks from ground level or platforms.
Matching quantities and items being shipped against the invoice.
Assisting in annual inventories.
Using computer equipment to generate labels.
Stocking incoming orders onto shelves.
Loading merchandise onto trucks.
Loading and unloading containers and trucks.
Organizing stock in the warehouse.
Skills
Strong Communication Skills
Customer relations/Customer service
Driving hand truck/Pallet jack
Hiring/Recruiting
Inventory/Inventory control
Inventory Management
Managing/Supervising
Supply Chain Management/Time management
Merchandising/Organizing/Packaging
Presenting/Promotional materials
Reporting/Safety/Scanning/Spreadsheets
Education
Graphic Design
 
Anthem Institute
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
High School Diploma
 
2004
 
Pennsauken High School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA