PUBLIC RELATIONS/SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGEMENT
Summary
Public Relations Manager with strong communications, event planning, media relations and social media experience within consumer brands. Solid
experience establishing excellent media contacts within the beauty, fashion, and technology industries. Strong project management skills with ability
to execute projects effectively and efficiently. Served as brand representative for English/Spanish speaking TV segments both nationally &
regionally; appeared regularly on Access Hollywood Live, E! News, NBC San Antonio Living, ABC 7 News, Better Mornings and Miami LIVE.
Accomplishments
Experience
Public Relations/Social Media Management 
07/2014
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Public Relations and Social Media Career Highlights: Responsible for pitching and securing positive press coverage for all clients through all
media platforms including TV, Print, Digital Social Media and Blogs for startups Responsibilities: Managing events, lifestyle media relations,
entertainment, multicultural (AA & Hispanic), beauty and fashion, B2B, parenting, sports, natural wellness and spirits.
Executing brand awareness programs through consistent marketing efforts, product campaign events and launches.
Social Media Management.
Public Relations and Social Media Manager
 
11/2012
 
to 
06/2014
 
Company Name
Responsible for the execution & management of strategies supporting content development, influencer marketing, events, strategic
partnerships, cause marketing and social media campaigns.
Managed online and print advertising budgets up to 1M
Identified customer needs through market research and analysis.Defined project and company vision, strategies and tactics.Oversaw an
average of [Number] new customer inductions per month, including keeping accurate records.Coached less experienced public relations
staff members on corporate communications practices.Developed corporate communications strategies and programs, including project
timelines.Conferred with production, graphic design and web-design personnel to coordinate production of corporate communications
materials.Estimated project costs and monitored budgets.Developed monthly public relations and social media strategies to promote the
VMU brand, philanthropy and special events.
Identified and engaged with pop culture and industry influencers to help create additional brand awareness and garner press.
Managed departmental budgets to ensure we were aligned with corporate financial goals and managed external PR agency Formalized
social media strategies that grew fan base and engaged followers.
Authored attention grabbing press releases, prepared information for media kits and wrote executive speeches as needed.
Spearheaded media tours during device launches.
Public Relations/Social Media Manager
 
01/2009
 
to 
06/2012
 
Company Name
Operated as the national and international Public Relations Manager for The Children's Place; lead all public relations and communications
strategy for North America from fiscal 2009 to 2012.
Developed and executed communications plans intended to build brand awareness and synergistically drive sales for the company through
the use of multi-channel, multi-partner media campaigns.
Functioned as PR Manager by defining public relations/marketing communications strategy; managed media relations, celebrity partnerships,
event planning and program execution for seasonal collection launches and corporate partnership initiatives; and led impactful retail PR
support programs (+sales).
Oversaw PR agency team of seven.
Managed $1.5M public relations and social media spend annually, Implemented Social Media strategies generating 1.1M fans from 2009 -
2012.
Responsibilities: Managed quarterly Fashion Shows in all major media markets across US and Canada.
Led external PR agency on tracking editorial coverage and analyzing trends.
Maintained relationships with editors and stylists to enhance brand awareness and continue to keep The Children's Place as a key player in
the children's fashion category.
Managed and organize all media events to introduce new products to the press.
Communicated with all cross functional teams (sales, marketing, merchandising) before seasonal roll outs to ensure that PR efforts are
aligned with company initiatives in order to drive sales in-store and online.
Public Relations Assistant Manager
 
01/2006
 
to 
01/2009
 
Company Name
Public Relations & Events Career Highlight: Responsible for development and execution of public relations campaigns and events to
maximize company's branding opportunities and charitable contribution: Mapped out strategic project plans and goals, and led cross-
functional teams in execution; Developed methodologies to track/analyze initiative results and effectiveness; Created and executed email,
video, intranet and other communications to direct and engage 15,000+ field employees around each initiative; Scripted CEO and senior
leadership, and wrote press releases.
Responsibilities Assisted SVP in development and execution planning for special events related to seasonal collections, celebrity events,
trade press, and charitable causes.
Maintained all media relationships, coordinated editor appointments, and responsible for all sample trafficking Managed PR projects as
directed by SVP of PR including providing direction to vendors involved in media services, special events, etc.
Education
B.A
 
: 
Marketing
 
June 2005
 
Berkeley College
 
MarketingSkills