CONSULTANT
Summary
As a proud Microsoft employee, I'm driven by Customer obsession, Growth Mindset and One Microsoft principles. In every position I've had at
Microsoft, my guiding principle has been taking customer feedback and advocating for cross-organizational initiatives to unite the ecosystem to
provide the best possible product, services and support experience for our customers. Combining my technical knowledge and experience with my
excellent communication, problem solving and strategic planning skills, I have been on the front lines providing dedicated engineering support;
delivered and created Services global portfolio offerings; 
architected and delivered cloud migration engagements; driven our critical watch-list
customers 
through Get to Green programs and built proactive outreach scale models to empower the entire Microsoft ecosystem from account
teams, support, services and product engineering teams with visibility, awareness, data and actionable guidance to improve customers' Skype for
business and O365 experience.
Experience
02/2016
 
to 
Current
Consultant
Enterprise Communications Global Practice), Microsoft Accepted a position in ECGP, specifically to help develop and expand the "Get
Healthy" program as well as act as a Solutions Architect for pre-sales, artefact and delivery activities on these engagements.
My key contribution to date has been taking the on premises framework and content and developing the hybrid and Online frameworks and
content.
The program will go live at the end of July at which point our focus will be around training global delivery resources.
I have worked on PG escalations with large customers like 3M in their Online "Get Healthy" efforts, as well as engaging with customers like
Alcoa (SfBOnline), Aon (O365Dedicated), Lubrizol, AllState (on premises) to scope, customize and deliver "Get Healthy" offerings
Assisted with AirLift deliveries as well as conducting technical interviews for Consultant and Architect level candidates.
06/2013
 
to 
02/2016
Premier Field Engineer
 
City
 
, 
State
DSE workload of at least 1600 hours as well as assisting on many transactional engagements, specifically Risk Assessment as a Service and
Office 365 Network Performance assessments for customers like Delta Airlines.
I worked with two dedicated customers, and many transactional customers to analyze performance issues, and assist with getting their
environments healthy using RaaS, but primarily ongoing KHI and CQM analysis and SCOM alert tuning, and helping them move to more
real-time methods such as StatsMan and Call Quality Dashboard As part of the AIG O365 team who recently achieved a 40 million dollar
O365 deal, I was the Lync DSE on the AIG account for two years and they have just renewed their Lync DSE contract for another two
years.
I focused on helping them stabilize their environment and starting to position them for successful hybrid environments as part of their O365
strategy.
I worked as the DSE for multiple other customers helping them transition from IM & P to replacing AT&T conferencing company-wide
(with enterprise voice capabilities, analysis and correction of all performance and call quality issues, as well as assisting them with
merger/acquisition scenarios and successful consolidation/migration of two Lync environments Assisted on transactional engagements for
Citrix, Carnival Cruise Lines, Florida Hospital, Diebold, Kelloggs Company and provided back up for other PFEs covering Amazon, Visa,
Mastercard, Humana, Deloitte, King County and State of Washington.
Volunteered for MySkillsForAfrika, and assisted the Botswana Innovation Hub with their Skype for Business deployment.
01/2009
 
to 
06/2013
Lead Application Engineer
 
Company Name
Responsible for designing and engineering unified communication solutions.
Lead Lync Application Engineer.
Completed migration from OCS 2007 R2 300 user deployment to on-premise Lync 2010 deployment for 25K user capacity with IM,
presence, group chat, federation, PIC, audio-video collaboration and Cisco/Tandberg integration functionality.
Also completed acquisition and integration of Morgan Keegan's Lync 2010 environment.
Designed Lync 2013 architecture and completed Polycom integration with RMX and DMA infrastructure.
Additional responsibilities include mobile device management solutions deign and implementations, including Blackberry, Good, ActiveSync
and MobileIron.
Education and Training
1998
Associate degree
 
University of Stellenbosch and Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University
1996
Matriculation Certificate
 
Collegiate Girls High School
07 / 2018
MCSE
 
: 
Communication
 
Communication
Microsoft · License: F372-7058 MCSA: Office 365 - 07 / 2015 - 07/2018 Microsoft · License: 10013480
Skills
go live, Architect, audio, Cisco, Citrix, Consultant, content and developing, content, delivery, designing, Engineer, focus, Hub, Innovation, Office,
migration, Enterprise, Network, Quality, real-time, Risk Assessment, sales, strategy, videoAdditional Information
MCITP: Lync Server Administrator 2010 - 05 / 2013 
Microsoft · License: 10013480