HEAD OF BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Summary
Experienced business development and brand marketing executive with proven track record of success managing innovative and complex
marketing partnerships. Skilled problem solver with a unique background and proven ability to thrive in fast-paced work environments. 
Superior
interpersonal and stakeholder management skills.
Skills
Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Keynote, SenGrid, Facebook Advertising
Instagram, Twitter, Facebook Analytics; Comfortable with all Google Suite products + Google analytics
Comfortable providing recommendations on basic elements of design
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Head of Business Development
 
07/2016
 
to 
Current
A 500 Startups Company).
Lead planning, development and implementation of business development and marketing initiatives for a venture backed, early stage start-up
in the marketplace + technology sector.
Development on all aspects of the business including decision making, strategy, product market alignment, and customer acquisition.
Analyze key metrics, data, and insights from marketing partnership and paid marketing campaigns and iterate accordingly; analytically and
critically provide solutions and recommendations.
Create and conceptualize all aspects of the business development process including sales funnel, procedures, sales collateral, follow-up
process, video call procedures and scripts.
Leverage previous brand and agency relationships to help expand the scope of the business in the sports and entertainment space; drive
business metrics such as athlete procurement; PR, Fundraising, unique activation opportunities, etc.
Analysis and negotiation of complex partnerships; comfortable with ideation and the implementation of such complex marketing campaigns
as it relates to brands.
Facilitate partnership strategies through organic and paid marketing channels including social, influencer, referral, email, content, display, PR,
and event.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Manager
 
12/2014
 
to 
07/2016
Managed business development and creative marketing opportunities for over 60 NBA professional athlete clients for the 2nd highest
grossing sports marketing agency in the US.
Negotiated, executed and activated over 100 marketing partnership agreements for clients, generating over $1.5M in client revenue.
Developed ideation and conceptualization of public facing client brand marketing campaigns.
Managed the relationship between the business development and client manager departments.
Oversaw the fulfillment of complex social media, digital, PR, and marketing campaigns used to increase athlete brand marketing.
Generated and executed non-traditional brand agreements including barter, product placement, unique access opportunities, and social
media & digital activations.
Analyzed and provided recommendations on client brand goals and relationships, ensured maximization of relationships and measured
success for both agency and brand.
Developed creative and strategic client opportunities for prospective new brand partners; customized sponsorship proposals across brands
based on KPI's and alignment with Excel talent.
Consistently thrived in fast-paced agency environment working with top athlete talent and brand decision makers.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Manager
 
11/2011
 
to 
12/2014
Worked directly with the Chief Marketing Officer to form brand development and digital partnership activation strategies for athlete clients.
Serviced and facilitated the delivery of contractual obligations for NBA clients Blake Griffin, Kevin Love, and Paul Pierce in all public facing
marketing agreements.
Identified and activated non-traditional brand opportunities for new clients including barter relationships, revenue share agreements, product
placement opportunities, and digital activations.
Consulted senior level marketing executives in the conceptualization of client digital and public-facing brand strategy; activated those
strategies through client social channels and brand partner activations.
Developed the early stages of conceptualization and content creation of "The Players Tribune", a Derek Jeter owned Excel Sports partner
company.
Worked personally with athlete talent to understand brand goal and direction in order to maximize presence in the sports landscape;
facilitated such plans through marketing activations.
Education and Training
BA
 
:
 
Economics
 
2011
 
University of Arizona
 
Economics
Sports Marketing & Management
 
2011
 
Minor Degree
 
Sports Marketing & Management
Certifications
HubSpot Content Marketing Certificate 2017 *HubSpot Inbound Marketing Certificate 2017
Skills
Advertising, agency, basic, brand strategy, brand development, brand marketing, business development, content, content creation, client, clients,
decision making, delivery, direction, email, fast, Fundraising, Google analytics, marketing, market, access, Excel, Powerpoint, Microsoft Word,negotiation, PR, procurement, proposals, sales, scripts, strategy, strategic, unique, video