DIGITAL MARKETING SPECIALIST
Highlights
Strong Digital Marketing experience using Social Media platforms
Proficient in the following programs, tools, and applications:
Slack, Google Analytics, AdWords, Site Catalyst / Omniture / Adobe Analytics, Microsoft Excel and Word / Apple Pages and Numbers,
Adobe Creative (Photoshop, Lightroom, Illustrator) Final Cut Pro, Avid, Mail Chimp, Constant Contact, Work Zone, Mind Jet,
Salesforce, GitLab, GitHub, CVS, WordPress, Dreamweaver
Experience
Company Name
 
January 2014
 
to 
Current
 
Digital Marketing Specialist
 
City
 
, 
State
Strategic Management: Use expertise to interpret e-commerce merchant objectives, data insights, and digital marketing requirements into
digital plans.
Push thinking on customer/merchant projects and integrate search marketing into broader digital marketing channel performance for more
advanced acquisition and lead generation initiatives.
Applies analytic and technical skills to problem solve and iterate campaigns.
Observes and follows e-commerce and technology trends and resources as they emerge into the marketplace.
Analyzes and interprets raw data points to uncover new business opportunities.
Interprets charts, spreadsheets and presentations to create marketing opportunities.
Identifies needs and opportunities and develops action plans to address.
Able to think strategically and tactically.
Developers appropriate project plans and timelines, coordinates and negotiates project plans with other team members and departments.
Ensures project completion, accuracy and frequently updating senior management of project progression.
Digital Operations: Identifies process improvements across planning and account management with the goal to optimize business operations.
Working independently with minimum supervision, demonstrates digital expertise by guiding the users on best practices and teaching them
how to leverage systems functionalities in effort to introduce business efficiencies.
Designs content, architecture, and layout to facilitate a responsive site and ensuring the site is optimized and is cross-platform and cross-
browser compatible from customer feedback / experience and subject matter experts (SMEs).
Possesses strong organizational and time management skills, driving tasks to completion.
Develops the demand generation strategy and manages the marketing programs that drive demand for cross border products.
Digital Agility: Excels in a collaborative environment by coming up with ideas, and contributing to the conversation with quick-thinking and
solutions.
Builds solid, effective working relationship with others.
Facilitates and participates in group interactions by adding to brainstorming and building on ideas.
Relates to individuals and nurtures talent is central to effectively working together.
Constructively works under stress and pressure when faced with high workloads and deadlines.
Able to adjust readily to change and adapt as needed.
Ability to express ideas clearly and convey necessary information and interacts effectively with all levels of management.
Maintains a positive attitude in the face of criticism, rejection, or failure.
Service as the market intelligence expert on the cross border audience and competition.
And a sense of humor helps make collaboration more fun.
Provides subject matter expertise for usability and FedEx.com style guide adherence across all websites and web applications.
Email Marketing & Automation: Codes and manages email marketing and marketing automation programs including set-up, scheduling,
testing, tagging and deployment of one-time, recurring, and triggered campaigns.
Troubleshoots technical issues related to integration, templates, list segmentation, lead scoring and grading and other aspects of marketing
automation execution, as required.
Recognizes and attends to important details with accuracy and efficiency.
Tools and Programs: Bronto Software, Dreamweaver, Sublime Text.
Search Engine Marketing: 
Perform keyword research and use for on-page search engine optimization (SEO).
Research and analyze competitors and develop and implement link-building strategies.
Collaborate with development teams to ensure PPC and SEO best practices are followed.
Perform analysis and SEO strategy on site keywords, conversions, performance, traffic, and target goals to improve conversion rates.
Tools and Programs: Adobe Analytics (Omniture / Site Catalyst), Google Analytics, ObservePoint, New Relic and Google AdWords.
Digital PR: 
Identifies opportunities for digital marketing and PR efforts highlighting editorial, product, and brand stories.
Creating content marketing initiatives to strategic alliance with merchants for global efforts.
Great networking skills and confidence to coordinate with key business stakeholders.
Go-To-Market and Sales: 
Creates collateral for sales force, go-to-market messaging, positioning, and competitive differentiation.
Develops sales tools to support the selling process.
Plans the launch of new products and releases, product version updates, and managers the cross-functional implementation of the plan
across teams.
Analysis & Insights: Conduct reporting and detailed analyses to understand performance of marketing, user experience, and content.
Evaluate campaign progress for bottom-line impact, ROI, and customer insights that lead to optimization recommendations for iterative
improvements.
Monitor speed and applications to increase digital user experience (DUX) with tools and professional practices such as ObservePoint, A/BTesting, Usertesting.com, New Relic.
Manage website updates and site skeleton along with maintaining brand continuity throughout all digital web pages with analytic tools and
customer interaction such as Adobe Analytics (Omniture / Site Catalyst), Dreamweaver (HTML), Parallel, Tortoise, New Relic, Adobe
Experience Manager (AEM), Sketch.
Previously used CMS Wordpress.
Analyze campaign and sales data to enable informed marketing decisions.
Assimilates research data from a variety of sources, analyze, and recommend appropriate courses of action to take.
Analyzes and resolves complex issues and problems in a sound and timely fashion.
Able to prepare / analyze appropriate reports and other business correspondence.
Company Name
 
January 2014
 
Marketing and Innovative Partnership Manager
 
City
 
, 
State
Created resources and educated teachers, prospective students, and parents the value of the opportunities, exposure, experience, and high
tech education Ringling College provides for their students and alumni to help advance their careers.
Gathered and analyzed data on competitor activity; and on student demographics, and preferences.
Designed surveys and opinion polls of incoming and current students.
Produced multimedia presentations combining still images, sound, text, video and animations for award show.
Company Name
 
January 2013
 
to 
January 2014
 
Marketing Director
 
City
 
, 
State
Proposed and implemented new procedure to pricing tiers for sponsorship that increased involvement by 5% from previous years.
Conceived and executed marketing strategies and programs to increase the profitability of new and existing products and services.
Planned, directed, and implemented Sarasota Film Festival's marketing communication activities.
Created a marketing plan for the 2014 Festival increasing Box Office Opening Sales by a record breaking 16%.
Overall event and film sales increased by 18% from previous year.
Relied on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals.
Communicated consistent messages across print, radio, TV, and digital media.
Produced, or acted as liaison with companies that produced, advertising, and marketing collateral.
Company Name
 
January 2009
 
to 
January 2014
 
Marketing Consultant and Creative Manager
 
Consulted small businesses on how to improve their own SEO.
Managed website, SEO, keywords and implemented the social media, and digital marketing strategies ranking Ashley Photography the top
searchable photographer in the Caribbean.
Built WordPress blogs and coding including website design, developing, and executing site and redesigns.
Developed and maintained a comprehensive social media strategy that defined how social media marketing techniques will be applied to
increase visibility and traffic across all brands and products.
Lead the development of organization - wide social media management standards, policies and rules of engagement for social media.
Customized, edited, and created digital image art for clients.
Education
University of Florida
 
Bachelor of Science
Certified Professional Photographer (CPP) FedEx "Rising Star" for teamwork
Skills
account management, Adobe, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, advertising, Apple, art, Automation, Avid, business correspondence, business
operations, charts, CMS, com, competitive, content, conversion, clients, CVS, driving, e-commerce, editorial, Email, senior management, fashion,
Film, Final Cut Pro, functional, Google Analytics, HTML, Illustrator, image, layout, Dreamweaver 3, marketing plan, marketing strategies,
marketing, market, marketing collateral, marketing communication, Market and Sales, messaging, Microsoft Excel, Mail, Office, Word, works,
multimedia presentations, networking, optimization, organizational, page, Photography, Photographer, policies, positioning, presentations, PR,
pricing, coding, progress, project plans, express, quick, radio, reporting, Research, selling, Sales, scheduling, search engine optimization, Social
Media platforms, sound, spreadsheets, stories, strategy, strategic, Strategic Management, supervision, surveys, teaching, teamwork, TV, time
management, video, web applications, website design, website, websites, web pages