BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE
Professional Summary
Top performing sales, marketing, and business development professional with proven ability to drive business expansion and development by
planning and executing business strategies. 
Strategic thinker who can plan and implement sales, marketing and business initiatives to support
corporate objectives. 
Experienced in developing new market channels and building strong relationships with sales managers, customers and
industry leaders. 
Vast experience with branding and introducing new products as well as developing business strategies. 
I am a dedicated and
tenacious sales expert with a reputation for consummate professionalism.
Skills
Marketing Skills
 Â 
Designed, developed and implemented marketing and sales campaigns.
Evaluated target markets and proposed marketing strategies.
Managed all phases of direct mail projects; monitored production teams; recruited and guided vendors.
Writing Skills
 Â 
Wrote creative copy for catalogs, brochures and social media.
Researched and conceived newsletter articles.
Produced variety of business materials, including: letters, reports, proposals and forms.
Proof read and edited all referenced written materials
Communication Skills
 Â 
Promoted products and services; generated leads and initiated sales.
Established and improved client communications; maintained ongoing relationships.
Addressed customer inquiries; interpreted and delivered information; proposed suggestions; provided guidance;
identified, investigated and negotiated conflicts.
Conducted surveys and analyzed results.
Coordinated, planned and contributed at trade shows and special events.
Served as representative and liaison.
Experience
Business Development Executive
 
01/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Developed new marketing strategies to capture market channels with new clients.
Utilized sales and marketing tools to create brand awareness in the market.
Leveraged my technical and industry specific knowledge to develop strategic business development plans and B2B sales strategies.
Successfully designed, underwrote and administered new and existing insurance programs to meet the needs of IRIS' broker distribution
network.
Delivered comprehensive coverage solutions and guidance in risk management with an emphasis in Lessor's Risk Commercial Property and
Liability Insurance.
Enjoyed robust relationships with insurance carriers that included Domestic markets, but encompassed Lloyd's of London as well as off
shore points in Bermuda and the Cayman Islands with an in-depth understanding of alternative risk placements.
Emphasized on bringing in new business and effectively grew IRIS' broker distribution network from 50 brokers to more than 500 and
increased monthly submissions by 900%.
Prepared and presented technical documents and client presentations to customers across different business levels in collaboration with
Account Executives and Producers to successfully execute new and existing sales strategies.
Expanded on existing business as well as identified potential revenue opportunities.
Responsible for designing and maintaining all marketing materials including the company website, brochures, blogs 
and email blasts as well
as all other social media outlets for the company.
Created and delivered all new business quote proposals and coverage comparisons and was in charge of all new business bind orders
Acted as a direct intermediary between customers and product development within IRIS on a variety of different insurance 
products.
Successfully articulated desired customer specifications and developed new product requirements for integration within customer
environments.
Administrative Coordinator
 
01/2009
 
to 
01/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Directed daily operations and provide administrative support to the staff.
Answered incoming calls and arranged appointments for guests to meet with company staff.
Entered data into consumer relations database.
Responsible for answering visitor inquiries about the company.
Sales and Marking Intern
 
01/2009
 
Company Name
Generating and Executing sales leads for three popular radio stations in the Bay Area; KNBR, 101.7 The Bone and K-Fog.Writing and recording commercials for advertisers.
Managing and updating the KNBR website.
Banquet Server, Food Server and Bartender
 
01/2007
 
to 
01/2011
 
Company Name
Over five years' hands-on experience in food serving and bartending.
Highly skilled in greeting and guiding guests.
Hands on experience in taking orders and communicating accurately to the kitchen and delivering correct orders to customers with a friendly
and upbeat attitude.
Additional Information
Graduated Magna Cum Laude (top 3% of class) at California State University East Bay
2009
 Â 
Honor Roll
1996-2009
 Â 
Achievement for "Excellent Student of the Year"
2003-2004
 Â 
Staff writer for the CSU East Bay newspaper "The Pioneer"
2007-2009
 Â 
Education
Bachelor of Arts (B.A)
 
: 
Communication
 
1 2009
 
California State University
 
City
 
Communication
Associate
 
: 
Arts
 
1 2007
 
Diablo Valley College California State University
 
City
 
GPA: 
Graduated Magna Cum Laude (top 3% of class
 
Arts
Graduated Magna Cum Laude (top 3% of class
Property and Casualty License (License Number 0G88502)
 
1 1