HEAD CHEF
Summary
Mature college student. 
Interested in part time work in areas such as retail, health services, security, information technology, and food services.
The past six years I have been involved in a men's mentor group named BoyzN2Men. 
As a high school student I started as one of the entry level
attendees and worked my way to one of the top officers of the core. 
The program has taught me the importance of responsibility, accountability,
integrity of character and other virtues of life that will help me in the work place.
During my high school senior year I was actively involved with the student government association (SGA). I was the secretary of arms, highly
reliable and very attentive during my time as the active secretary.
Also have experienced in taking food orders, operating cash registers and safely handling food while checking for proper temperatures.
Highlights
Microsoft Word, Excel and PowerPoint
*Proficient with Internet and Adobe Software
Reliable and punctual
Neat, clean and professional appearance
Engaging personality
Excellent multi-tasker
Restaurant management
Math and language skills
Comfortable standing for long time periods
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Head Chef
 
07/2012
 
to 
11/2015
Promptly reported complaints to a member of the management team.
Up-sold additional menu items, beverages and desserts to increase restaurant profits.
Communicated clearly and positively with co-workers and management.
Served fresh, hot food with a smile in a timely manner.
Cut and chopped food items and cooked on a grill or in fryers.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Manager
 
07/2010
Worked on a Building campaign and domestic tasks.
Recorded customer orders and repeated them back in a clear, understandable manner.
Took necessary steps to meet customer needs and effectively resolve service issues.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
01/2010
 
to 
01/2011
Worked directly with customers and employees Attending to front desk and answering calls Engaging in invigorating task in the workplace
Rock Creek Sports Club January 2012 Floor Management Assisted Managers Clean, Replaced tiles Marketing i.e.
create/distribute marketing tools to attract customers Maintain floor equipment.
Education
Graduate
 
2012
 
Watkins Mills High School
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
Academic Achievement Award
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Computer Science
 
2014
 
University of Maryland College Park
Attended Towson University (2014)
Interests
BoyzN2Men Youth Leader, 2009 - 2011 
*Basketball Team *Very active Community Member
Additional Information
Activities *BoyzN2Men Youth Leader, 2009 - 2011 
*Basketball Team *Very active Community Member
SkillsAdobe Software, Instruction, marketing, Marketing i, math, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Works, Communicator