DIGITAL MARKETING DIRECTOR
Summary
With a background in Marketing and Event production, I extend my passion for exploiting new ways to enhance communication and networking
actions to manage business processes more effectively, and engaging in active dialogues with global clients. International Marketing development
and Event production is my preference for hiring. While working in a multi cultural environments, I believe diversity has a great impact on a
company's growth and success. I am interested in joining a company where I can contribute in a variety of ways leveraging my background within
innovation tech, entrepreneurship funding 
as well as my first-hand experiences working 
producing 
events for the benefit of networking. The degree
was designed to give a broad knowledge of the functional areas of a company, and their interconnection, while also allowing for specialization in a
particular area. Experienced a variety of "core subjects and allowing me to specialize in administration as the selective specific academic area. The
degree also developed my practical managerial skills, communication skills and business decision-making capability. Excelled in classes with
practical experience, in the form of case projects, presentations, industrial visits, and interaction with experts from the industry. Volunteer work(
events) 
Ambassador for a Danish networking event called DABGO. Its a Danish networking group focused on all the sharing the social aspects of
life 
and the business functionalities. Local can connect and network once a month. The group attracted Silicon Valley residents with the average of
30 participants. 
This event takes place in 30 countries worldwide, on the exact same day, yet once a year I produced the overall event far all our
200 ambassadors.
Highlights
Excellent Microsoft Office skills, QuickBooks, Navision, Rejs Ud (Danish government software), basic HTML, Keynote, CSS suite, Coding
and Web design
Experience
Digital Marketing Director
 
January 2014
 
to 
January 2015
 
Company Name
event software) and Danish American Chamber of Commerce Northern CA (Non-profit Implementing new communications strategies 
web
analytics for their Event software Reconstructed Web-site content, SEO & SEM* optimization with Social media integration between
Facebook / Linkedin / 
Twitter using metrics and analytics.
Developed and designed Media presentations such as PowerPoint, and pitching VCs Product development Production partner and
promotional events in collaboration with our partner Salesforce( Dreamforce).
Structured Sales Processes focused on Lead gen and Enterprise companies Increased web traffic Executed new social media and viral
markets to extend the old markets and capture new and untapped markets.
Marketing and Event planner for 
Danish American Chamber of Northern California 
events, attracting 80-100 attendees.
Program Office Manager
 
January 2013
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
Provided a number of strategic and tactical assistance for Danish high Tech companies, affiliated investor meetings, strategic partnerships,
marketing communications, support and networking 
events affiliated with Silicon Valley companies.
In addition to strategic network planning.
I provided the following functions: Collaborated and supported SCALEit.US projects for Danish startups seeking funding and expansion
opportunities in Silicon Valley, finding clients and leads.
Supported budgets, logistics and produced events for the international programs.
Delivered clients and leads for consultants while expanding our communications networks through international VC events Developed
logistic program planning for VC meetings for delegations visiting Silicon Valley.
While budgeting with international currencies.
Responsible representative for Danish virtual incubators( in Denmark) as well as in house incubators at the center.
Maintaining office flow, daily support to the directors while representing our services.
Human Resource functions; establishing processes for recruiting, office development and programs for staff growth Focused project
marketing communications, social media promotions and Web based content, with reports updates and essential leads for new clients.
Aliquam dapibus.
Consulate Officer
 
January 2013
 
to 
January 2014
 
Company Name
Danish representative authority on the East coast for Danish passports, Visas and legal immigration issues on behalf of 400 Danish citizens
Communicating with US authorities, background checks and PET investigation research.
Government of Foreign Affairs of Denmark.
Project development of Workers group for Dual citizenship in Denmark, creating awareness, Social media communication, helped
reestablishing Danish law reclaiming lost citizenship for Danes abroad Assisted and supported the Danish founded SCALEit.US startup
program with event planning in collaboration with 
the Swedish Innovation Center, Norway House , Silicon Vikings 
while handling the
budget.
Translator & Product Tester, Apple HQ.
January 2010
 
to 
January 2012
Lead Danish Translation support, testing software on various platforms for product release.
Worked with Worldserver, Z-pro and iCloud onsite HQ and offsite.
Supported projects feedback and communication, meeting Lead Danish Translation support, testing software on various platforms for newproduct releases.
Reviewed of highly technical content, ensuring internal linguistic standards are met.
Education
MBA
 
: 
Social Innovation
 
San Francisco State University
 
Social Innovation Still in progress: Educational goal is to focus on the processes of
innovation, collaboration management and design thinking to address social problems and opportunities. Become tomorrows facilitator for
International entrepreneurs. Project Management, UC Berkeley 
2014-2015 Innovation Project Management Dealing with Projects a wide variety
of fields including high tech, marketing, information technology, international trade, life science industries, government and Innovation. Focusing on
a highly qualified extensive projects with develop hands-on problem-solving techniques, keeping budget and time management as key factors.
BFA
 
: 
Photography
 
, 
1 2008
 
BFA Photography Minor HR, San Francisco State University
 
Photography a minor in Human Resources. Extensive
philosophy classes studying human behavior. Core creative arts classes with studies in social media and small business startups development and
entrepreneurship.
BA
 
: 
Business Administration
 
, 
1 1998
 
Copenhagen Business school
 
Business Administration
Skills
Apple, arts, budgeting, budgets, budget, CA, content, CSS, clients, Danish, Product development, event planning, Event planner, focus,
Government, basic HTML, Human Resource, Human Resources, information technology, Innovation, law, legal, logistics, marketing, marketing
communications, meetings, Microsoft Office, office, PowerPoint, Navision, Enterprise, network, networking, networks, optimization, philosophy,
presentations, problem-solving, Processes, profit, program planning, Coding, progress, Project development, Project Management, QuickBooks,
recruiting, research, Sales, strategic, Structured, Swedish, time management, Translation, Translator, VC, Web-site content, Web design