E-COMMERCE SUPERVISOR
Summary
I am seeking a challenging position in management, where I can apply my experience to a company's objective and profits. 
I have a discipline
approach to the task at hand and the ability to anticipate potential obstacles, which is contributed to a strong record of excellence for getting the
job done safely. I am an optimistic & quick learner, 
I am safety conscious and have excellent organizational and multitasking aptitude. I currently
plan and lead individuals in order to complete daily tasks in a timely and safe manner.
Highlights
Qualified to operate and train individuals on various equipment.
Proficient in Microsoft Office
Proficient in Exeter WMS
Strategic planning
Troubleshooting and problem solving
Flexible
Dedicated
Experience
E-commerce Supervisor
 
, 
02/2015
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
Plan and manage daily workload.
Lead and develop employees through teamwork and 
create continuous improvement through employee engagement that supports the
companies values.
Continually looking for ways to improve quality, safety, and productivity and communicating those ideas throughout the network.
Currently helping to organize and lead the Safety Committee
Co-Owner
 
, 
01/2006
 
to 
01/2010
 
Company Name
Develop and manageÂ projects and budgetsÂ 
Experience in Real-estate law and procedures, contact with city offices, screen and select qualified renters.
I continue to buy/renovate and rent out homes without a business name.
E-commerce Coordinator
 
, 
03/2003
 
to 
02/2015
Continuously directing and leading individuals to complete the objective.
Sharp organizational skills preparing work assignments.
Fostering teamwork by being enthusiastic and having a positive energy.
Agriculture Worker
 
, 
01/1998
 
to 
01/2007
 
State
Manage & maintain heavy farm equipment.
skills gained- responsibility, flexibility, self-determination and confidence.
Education and Training
Electrical/Electronics Engineering Technology, AAS 
Presently attending Owens Community College
 
- 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 3.93
2012 Active Participant in theÂ 5S program
2010 Owens Community College - Toledo OH -Photovoltaic Certification
2007 Training Assistant Position Workshop
2006 Online/Phone course for Mentors of America
2004 Participated in Best Buy Lean Team
Graduate
 
:
 
1998
 
Riverdale High School
Skills
attention to detail, continuous improvement, logistics, excel, power point, word, network, internet research, organizational skills, , safety, teamwork