TECHNICAL DESIGNER
Career Overview
â—​Â  Having 8.5 years of IT experience as Software developer in Java/J2EE Technologies
â—​Â  At present Technical Designer at Tata Consultancy Services
â—​Â  Knowledge in working with Designing, Coding and Unit Testing, Coding : Spring 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, JPA, Struts, Core Java, JSP, EJB,
XML, PL SQL
â—​Â  Sun Certified Java Programmer 1.6
â—​Â Â  Solid experience on Agile development
â—​Â Â  Thorough understanding of Object Oriented Methodology and Design Patterns.
â—​Â Â  Proficiency in developing web based applications using Java/J2EE
â—​Â Â  Knowledge in working with WebServices.
â—​Â Â  Exposure to Automation domain on Building Solution
â—​Â Â  Looking ahead for great career in a fair working environment with opportunities to grow. 
Qualifications
Designing, Coding and Unit Testing, Coding : Spring 3, jQuery, Bootstrap, JPA, Struts, Core Java, JSP, EJB, XML, PLSQL *Tools: Eclipse 4,
Confluence UML, Git, Rally
Work Experience
Technical Designer
 
February 2011
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Software Engineer
 
January 2010
 
to 
January 2011
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
FXO (FedEx Office) Client 
: FedEx Environment : Java 6.0, Web Services, Hibernate, EJB, XML.
Team Size : 25 Tools 
: Subversion, Eclipse Database : MySQL Server Servers 
: JBOSS Description: The FedEx office project is a
currently built upon the printing and shipping services of the logistics segment.
This application mainly focused of the printing the different kind of printing services for the end customers like Print and send the documents
with binging, folding, etc.
And after the print done for the each document provided FXO also provides the flexibility to the user the ship the document and track it.
Roles and Responsibilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process for enhancement features.
Involved in the developing the Struts code.
Involved in Requirement gathering.
Used PMD and Findbugs tools.
Bug Fixing.
Unit Testing.
Software Engineer
 
October 2006
 
to 
January 2010
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
Java 6.0, Hibernate, Struts, UML, Niagara AX, XML Team Size : 20 Tools : Subversion, Rhapsody, Eclipse, UDS Database : SQL
express Description: The iCon3 tool is an integrated tool set spanning initial system estimate and quotation, through system engineering,
controller programming, supervisor software configuration, commissioning and service; an 'end-to-end' BMS tool.
In addition the iCon3 tool will interface to HBS's other business systems such as purchasing and project management.
The vision of the iCon3 tool is to focus on reducing labor hours required to design, estimate, engineer, commission and service a building
automation system.
Labor hours are reduced by applying automation on various levels of the object model, which reduces the overall complexity especially in
the project estimation, engineering and commissioning phases.
The vision of the iCon3 tool is to focus on system configuration and minimize the need to engineer control applications.
This will be accomplished by providing various configurable models, which covers almost any kind of application.
The final goal of the iCon3 tool is to analyze the drawings provided during the estimation phase.
The tool will suggest solutions, provide optimized cost calculation and generate bid specification.
During the engineering phase, the solutions can be reused and configured according to customer specification.
Only off-standard solutions will require engineering labor.
During the commissioning phase, new innovative technology, based on the Tridium AX platform, will reduce labor and travel costs.
Roles and Responsibilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process.
Involved in Requirement gathering.
Involved in weekly Track meetings & MR Involved in developing prototypes Involved in integration of Axis with JBOSS and coding Unit
Testing.
Secondary CM Focal for the project.
SEI
 
Environment : Spring, Java 6.0, EJB, XML, PLSQL Team Size : 20 Tools 
: Git, Eclipse, Rally, UML, Confluence Database : Oracle 11i
Servers 
: Weblogic 10 Description: SEI (NASDAQ: SEIC) is a leading global provider of asset management, investment processing, and
investment operations solutions for institutional and personal wealth management.
SEI help private banks, investment advisors, investment managers, institutional investors and affluent individuals create and manage wealth.
Roles and Responsibilities Involved in the Analysis & Design discussion process for enhancement features.Involved in the developing the Struts code.
Involved in Requirement gathering.
Used PMD and Findbugs tools.
Bug Fixing.
Unit Testing.
Education and Training
Bachelor of Engineering (B. E
 
: 
Computer Science & Engg
 
, 
June-2005
 
Computer Science & Engg with an aggregate of 68% from
K.L.E's.C.E.T, Belgaum. April-2002 - Diploma (10+3), Computer Science & Engineering, with an aggregate of 63.2% from Govt. Polytechnic,
Bijapur. March-1999 - S.S.L.C (10th Std), with an aggregate of 79.52% from P.D.J High School, Bijapur.
Personal Information
I have interest in reading the latest technology news
Languages
English Hindi Kannada
Skills
asset management, automation, business systems, C, controller, Client, Database, Designing, Eclipse, Eclipse 4, engineer, English, EJB, XML,
features, focus, Hindi, Java, Java 6.0, JSP, JBOSS, jQuery, logistics, meetings, Office, MySQL, Oracle, PLSQL, Coding, programming, project
management, purchasing, express, Requirement, Servers, shipping, specification, SQL, Struts, supervisor, system configuration, system
engineering, UML, vision, wealth management, Weblogic
Additional Information
INTERESTS I have interest in reading the latest technology news