LEAD CONSTRUCTION MANAGER / REGIONAL QUALITY MANAGER
Summary
Proactive Project Manager experienced in managing a variety of construction teams and projects. Successful in creating effective communication
between personnel, general contractors and the management team.
Highlights
MS Office proficient
Organized and detail-oriented
Superb management skills
Project budgeting
Building codes and regulations
Permit processing
Safe job site set-up
Blueprint fluency
Power and hand tool operation
Residential construction specialist
Cost control
Baseline schedules creation
Experience
11/2010
 
to 
03/2016
Lead Construction Manager / Regional Quality Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Software/Databases: 
MS Office, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Outlook, Microsoft Project, Anritsu Software, Adobe Pro,
Siterra, Remedy, Visio, Quick Base, Documentum Operating Systems: 
MS Windows / Mac OSX Methodologies: Operations
Management, Homeowners/Property Management, Project Management, Business Analysis, Inventory Management Processes
Accountable for managing the daily field construction activities for the AT&T Turf - LTE project in New Jersey /Staten Island and San
Diego Markets Completed 1000+ LTE and NSB site builds ensuring scope of work compliance, safety, quality, schedule, implementation
and customer satisfaction Committed to both NSB and LTE sites on the team and regarded by the team as one of most experienced
construction managers.
Continually provided guidance and training to multiple general contractors and OCI construction managers related to the LTE scope of
work and AT&T specifications.
Identified opportunities for improvement with project scope and methods of procedure.
Implement changes and processes to improve construction efficiency and quality.
Enforced our high quality expectations with the contractors and team by co-creating a QA punch list consisting of over 600 items to be
checked and verified on each site.
This list replaced the AT&T national standard ND-51 compliance checklist on Black & Veatch LTE sites and resulted in a formal
submission to AT&T Wireless from the National Quality Manager for approval to be implemented nationwide.
01/2007
 
to 
11/2010
Owner / General Contractor
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervised construction for over 300 Projects in New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania and managed a construction team of up to 20
people including Employees, Subcontractors, Architects and Engineers.
Worked closely through weekly cross-functional meetings with Engineering, Subcontractors, Employees, Homeowners and Property
Management.
Assigned action items and tracked required deliverables and task completion to maintain project deadlines.
Key contributor to the designs and revisions of construction details throughout the construction phase for standardization of design
specifications and creation of construction task order and tracker templates.
Continuously monitored working environment, production and quality to effectively and safely increase revenue, efficiency and Profitability.
Often answered construction, design and logistics questions and resolved numerous project issues,.
07/2006
 
to 
05/2007
Specialty Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Supervise Associates in the selling effort, ensuring the store's in-stock position and maintaining an appealing and organized store
appearance.
Key accountability: staffing and scheduling, identifying and resolving stock deficiencies, supervisor associates in selling behaviors, resolving
customer issues and concerns and supporting service needs for both.
Supervising Store Associates to include interviewing, hiring, motivating, coaching, training, developing and communicating to associates.
Provided support for Microsoft Client and Server systems.
Performance management process, to include semi-annual review of associate performance and how to execute the associate disciplinary
process when necessary.
Operations Management to include supervision of front end processes involving sales and return transactions, as well as special services and
lot support.
01/2001
 
to 
01/2006
System Administrator
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Provided support for Microsoft Client and Server systems.
Installed and supported network printing devices, upgrades and repairs hardware.
Maintained user and group policies, Active directory, security procedures, VPN and client requested back-up procedures.Network administration (including backup, security management, user account management, e-mail systems including e-mail web server,
internet access, office systems and applications support).
Performs technology needs analysis.
Rolls out hardware and software to ensure optimal deployment of resources.
Plans, implements, and supports the network and computing infrastructure plan.
Manages small to medium sized projects according to agreed upon budgets and schedules.
Assists with technology planning through ongoing research.
Education
2006
Currently Pursuing Cisco Certification and PMP Certification, 2016 Netcom Information Technologies
Microsoft Certified Professional Andrew Connector & Weatherproofing Certificate OSHA 10-hour Certification First Aid/CPR RF Awareness
Skills
account management, Active directory, Adobe, back-up, backup, budgets, Business Analysis, Cisco, Client and Server, coaching, hardware,
CPR, client, customer satisfaction, Databases, Documentum, e-mail, First Aid, functional, hiring, internet access, Inventory Management, logistics,
Mac, managing, meetings, Microsoft Certified Professional, MS Excel, MS Office, office, MS Outlook, MS PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, MS
Windows, MS Word, needs analysis, Network administration, network, Operating Systems, Operations Management, Performance management,
policies, Processes, Project Management, Property Management, Quality, QA, Quick, repairs, research, safety, selling, sales, San, scheduling,
staffing, supervisor, Supervising, supervision, upgrades, VPN, Visio, web server