SENIOR MANAGER
Skill Highlights
Windows / Mac OS, MS office suite, HRMS oracle applications
Training Attended
Year
Title
Location
Organised by
2011
Basic Leadership Skills
Jamshedpur
Professional Experience
Company Name
 
09/2008
Tata Consultancy Services is India's largest IT and IT outsourcing organization with a global workforce of over 305,000 employees spread
across more than 45 countries.
In North America, TCS is headquartered at New Jersey and employs over 30,000 employees.
A seasoned HR professional with over 7 years of HR experience, currently working as the Head of Talent Acquisition and Resource
Management Group for BPS North America at Tata Consultancy Services in Cincinnati, Ohio Past experience includes working as the HR
Generalist for TCS BPS across various locations like Midland, MI, Cincinnati, OH in the US and Mumbai and Chennai in India.
Expertise in full-cycle recruiting, screening resumes, behavioral based interviewing, and managing the hiring process.
Hands-on experience in recruitment in the IT and IT Services.
Most productive in a fast-paced, high energy, team environment.
Major strengths include building relationships, multi-tasking, time management, adapting to new procedures as business climates change and
communication skills.
Work experience of over 3 years in the US Geography as the Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North
America.
Prior to this I have worked at Satyam BPO at Hyderabad from Mar 2007 to Sep 2008 as the HR Employee Relations Specialist in the HR
team for a US based process.
My areas of specialization are Employee relations, Recruitment, Performance Management, Organization Development and Change
Management.
Company Name
 
Senior Manager
 
03/2007
 
to 
09/2008
Period 
Since Sep 2008 Position Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North America Work Location
Midland, Michigan, Cincinnati, Ohio; Mumbai and Chennai, India Key Accomplishments: Proficient in Leadership hiring, focussed
headhunting through linkedin.
Successfully completed hiring for a 50 FTE project for a niche skill (Mortgage) in Cincinnati, OH in less than 60 days Successfully
completed hiring for a 25 FTE project for a niche skill (Pharma) in Cincinnati, OH in 30 days.
Focussed Analytics hiring for TCS BPS in North America, a first of its kind where associates were hiring to work from client location for
A&I domain, 10 critical positions staffed within 45 days.
Enabled deployment and rotation of associates within the US to ensure 98% utilization of resources in BPS North America Responsibilities:
Head Talent Acquisition and Resource Management Group - BPS North America Recruitment for Mortgage and Pharma clients in
Cincinnati, Ohio and Midland, MI area through various internal and external hiring channels Maintaining hiring budget by ensuring
recruitment through vendors is reduced and encouraging internal referrals, web-sourcing and internal movement of associates.
Leadership hiring for TCS BPS Sales and Solutions function, relationship roles Focussed hiring for Analytics and Insights for multiple clients
for TCS in North America, closed 10 critical positions within 45 days.
Reduced hiring cost for Niche positions by 30% and Non-Niche positions by 45% in FY 14.
Human Resource Relationship Manager for all BPS associates in the North America Geography.
Ensure adherence to IQMS documentation standard to ensure compliance and represent HR during internal and external audits.
Maintaining Attrition within permissible limits (Early Warning Indicator, Hi-Potential program, stay interviews) Building 
Employee Connect
through innovative employee engagement and CSR initiatives Handling other employee-related issues including full & final
settlements/severance, query resolution, grievance handling Streamlining policies on integrity / disciplinary actions & performance
improvement plan Managing employee performance appraisal process end to end and facilitating any disagreements Monitoring bell curve
and at the end linking Increment for high performers /exit plan for non-performers.
Provide developmental strategies to the business and performance assessment of employees Adhering to FMLA and FLSA guidelines.
Pilot and Deploy HR Projects across BFSI vertical Drive the Quarterly promotion process Ensure Promotion assessments are completed in
time and results circulated to respective stakeholders Drive associate Development plan based on promotion results Drive participation in
the Bi-Annual HR Survey [PULSE] in the BFSI vertical.
To ensure participation in various Employer branding survey Design and deploy associate retention plans Identify, deploy and support
Green Belt and process improvement projects within HR Employee Relations team Provide inputs in policy and strategic initiatives to the
HR Leadership team.
Company Name
 
03/2007
 
to 
09/2008
03/2007
 
to 
09/2008Work Location 
Hyderabad, India Responsibilities End to end Employee Relations activities Induction of new hire associates to orient them
about Satyam BPO Policies and processes Closure of Background check for new hire associates by closing out discrepancies in previous
employment check / education check Conducting Employee engagement activities like skip level meetings, one-on-one meetings, town halls,
awareness sessions etc to understand employee's expectations and address queries Initiate Disciplinary action as per process for violation of
rules or non-adherence to the Code of Conduct Address associate grievances by initiating enquiry, conducting group meetings and
submitting findings report along with recommendations Support in carrying out Employee satisfaction surveys and Organization branding
surveys Complete Performance Management process by adhering to the timelines, educating associates and managers about how to
complete the appraisals.
Interface with the client on a regular basis for audit requirements with regards to associate background check and drug tests.
Roll out of associate incentive plans across business unit for associate retention.
Education
Post Graduate Degree
MS - HRM
 
:
 
Human Resources
 
2007
 
ICFAI University [Dehradun] , From ICFAI School of HRD
 
, 
City
 
, 
India
 
Human Resources
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Information Technology Science and Commerce
 
BSc I.T University of Mumbai Birla college of Arts
 
India
 
Information
Technology Science and Commerce
Personal Information
I have a valid H1B visa to be employed in the US.
Interests
2012 Investigation Procedures and reporting Edison, NJ TCS and Freeh Group International Additional Details Current Location Cincinnati, OH
Passport Details Passport # J 9138762 Issued at Thane, India on 04/10/2011 Valid up to 03/10/2021 Visa Details 
Visa Type - H1B -
Transferable
Skills
Basic, branding, budget, Bi, Change Management, closing, communication skills, client, clients, documentation, Employee Relations, fast, hiring,
Human Resource, HR, Leadership, Leadership Skills, Mac OS, Managing, meetings, MS office suite, Windows, 98, multi-tasking, oracle
applications, Organization Development, performance appraisal, Performance Management, Policies, process improvement, processes,
Promotion, Recruitment, recruiting, Sales, settlements, strategic, survey Design, time management
Additional Information
I have a valid H1B visa to be employed in the US.
XLRI 2012 Investigation Procedures and reporting Edison, NJ TCS and Freeh Group International Additional Details Current Location
Cincinnati, OH Passport Details Passport # J 9138762 Issued at Thane, India on 04/10/2011 Valid up to 03/10/2021 Visa Details 
Visa
Type - H1B - Transferable