DIRECTOR OF MARKETING, COMMUNICATIONS AND IT
Core Accomplishments
Initiated a student leadership development programÂ Â 
 a student leadership development program
 Â resultingÂ in
 Â graduates in position
ofÂ decision-making responsibility
 .
CAHS Student Leadership Apprentice Program
Big Boom Business Planning Institute
Host of "Outlook on Agriculture" Weekly Radio Show on KPVU 91.3FM and Sirius XM HBCU Channel 142
Experience
02/2013
 
to 
Current
Director of Marketing, Communications and IT
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Develop strategies based on knowledge of policy, nature of market and trend projections to facilitate growth as well as aid in resiliency
planning for the College which is a triad encompassing the Cooperative Extension Program, Cooperative Agricultural Research Center and
Academics.
Manage the College's internal and external communications systems in conjunction with university's public relations, press and marketing
communications units in the public and private sector.
Assess and translate materials into print, online and social media.
Create systems and procedures that maintain and manage contact lists of associates and prospective associates; implement event registration
procedures and develop systems to expand customer relations.
Attend and actively participate in College Advisory Board meetings, committee meetings, conference calls and functions.
Advise the office of the Dean on matters important to stakeholders relating to the College.
Provide leadership in executing marketing communications, strategic planning and public relations activities for a staff of 8 employees.
Program Specialist
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Community and Economic Development, Cooperative Extension Program, CAHS.
Created and provide solutions as a consultant for clients in the area of technical assistance for sustainable business strategies.
Developed creative and specialized curriculum that will effectively reach a target audience and provide impactful education that will improve
their standard of living and satisfy stakeholders.
Provided marketing expertise in e-media productions such as radio and television programs as well as social media solutions and other
online publications.
Supervised a staff of students providing them guidance through mentorship in marketing, customer service, business operations and
professional development.
01/2003
 
to 
01/2012
Web Developer
 
Company Name
Consulted with customers to perform needs analysis, determine project scope and define problem solutions that focus on increasing client
revenue and ROI.
Developed statements of work for project proposals to acquire new accounts.
Designed various types of e-media including retail e-commerce sites, content management systems and web portals.
Developed marketing content to include design layout, copy, graphic art and various electronic media productions.
Monitored and analyzed results to optimize online marketing and enhance the customer experience with a focus on developing long term
customer relationships Adjunct Faculty Computer Aided Drafting and Design.
Design and implement quality training in the subject area of Computer Aided Design productively delivered to more than 350 students in
classes of 15-20 cohorts per session.
Develop innovative strategies to effectively present training materials while maintaining performance goals in terms of attendance and student
engagement.
Performed Interim Department Chairperson duties including management of a staff of 10 full and part-time instructors, preserved student
retention goals and addressed various issues concerning student development and general classroom concerns.
Education and Training
2015
LEAD21 Executive Leadership Program
 
The University of Georgia
2008
Masters of Business Administration (MBA)
 
: 
Marketing
 
University of Phoenix
 
Marketing
1998
Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer (MCSE), Software Applications
 
Southern Methodist University
1994
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Mechanical Engineering, Computer-Aided Design
 
Prairie View A&M University
 
Mechanical Engineering, Computer-Aided
Design
Skills
Adobe Creative Suite, Acrobat, After Effects, Dreamweaver, Photoshop, Premiere, AutoCAD, business operations, business strategies,
Computer Aided Design, CAD, hardware, consultant, content, content management, creative design, clientele, client, clients, customer relations,
customer service, database, Drafting, e-commerce, engineering design, Flash, focus, government, grant proposals, drawing, graphic art, graphic,InDesign, internet marketing, inventory, layout, Leadership, MAC OS, market and trend, marketing, marketing communications, materials,
meetings, Access, Microsoft Certified Systems Engineer, MCSE, Excel, MS Office, office, Power Point, Publisher, Window, Word, needs
analysis, networking, online marketing, Operating Systems, OS, organizational, press, processes, proposals, public relations, publications, quality,
radio, Research, retail, search engine optimization, strategic, strategic planning, technical assistance, television, training materials, website, written
Additional Information
AWARDS AND RECOGNITION 2016 Gold Level Award for Print Publication 2016 Bronze Level Award for Electronic Audio Media
Production 2014 ADDY Award for Advertising Creative Excellence 2013 Multi-media Storyteller Award* 2012 Distinguished Service
Early Career Award 2011 Multi-media Storyteller Award Conference Speaking Topics: * Cyber-Media in the Digital Age* Marketing
Extension for the 21st Century* Strategic Planning