TEACHER
Summary
Highly ethical, dependable, and diligent expert in the Curriculum Development field.
Highlights
Curriculum development and assessment
MS Office proficient
Strong communicator
Instructional design
e-learning tools
Learning Management Systems
Accomplishments
Designed 
effective lesson
 Â plans focused on age and level-appropriate material.
Experience
Company Name
 
June 2012
 
to 
Current
 
Teacher
 
Designed research based curriculum for writing instruction using the Trivium approach.Â 
 Saw student scores rise as a result of my
curriculum.
Developed research based curriculum for language arts lessons using the ADDIE method of Instructional design. Analyzed state standards
and school standards. Developed grammatical lessons according to standards.
Monitored student learning by creating effective critical thinking strategies like sentence analysis using diagramming to enhance learning
outcomes.Â 
 Created and evaluated quality assessment tools to maximize student learning.Â 
Â As a result of my curriculum and instructional design, student scores rose in language arts and reading comprehension by 4% in the AIMS
test after one year.
 
After three years of using this instructional method, studentscores rose in Writing/language arts by 12%.
In 2015, 93% of students scored at meets/exceeds onÂ inaugural AZ Merit Writing exam.
64% scored at exceeds on AZ Merit Writing exam because of 
 
 my curriculum and instructional design.
Consistently met strict grading report deadlines by monitoring student learning using effective formative/summative assessments for quick
turnaround.
Met regularly with principal for evaluations and staff development opportunities: Developed and presented staff development for
implementation of critical thinking strategies across the grade levels.
Provided guidance to other grade level teachers for enhancement of writing instruction and assisted them in writing effective assignments and
assessment tools to ensure a smooth student transition to my class.
Developed and presented research based staff development about the importance of teaching writing in congruence with reading and critical
thinking strategies.
Maintained effective communication with the principal and parents about my instructional practices.
As a result, positive parent feedback about my curriculum and instruction increased each year.
Company Name
 
November 2009
 
to 
June 2012
 
Lead Curriculum Developer
 
Project Manager: Â  Â 
Designed effective college courses by communicating regularly with faculty, directors and staff in scheduled meetings on campus. Â  Â  Â 
Facilitated trouble shooting, problem solving, decision making, and conflict resolution regarding course development consistently.
Designed and developed relevant curriculum for many learning styles in the traditional and online classroom by working with Subject Matter
Experts in many types of professions. Â  Â 
Slashed curriculum issues in online and ground courses in Learning Management System for Quality Assurance purposes by resolving any
and all problems with curriculum/instruction in timely 24-48 hours. Â 
Revised courses as needed per college program to meet strict deadlines by analyzing data to assess curriculum and instruction while ensuring
the enhancement of the university's services and optimal learning for GCU students. Averaged 20 successful revisions per month. Â 
Results: Â Witnessed academic improvement from students in the most populated courses I revised for the university over the 2.5 years I
worked there: 
Â·UNV 103Â  & CWV 103/303 Â  Â  Â  Â 
Met aggressive project timelines in the fast paced environment as GCU is constantly developing its ground and online presence.Â 
Designed relevant and interesting college courses for the College of Fine Arts, College of Arts & Sciences, and the College of Christian
Studies at Grand Canyon University by implementing the Understanding By Design method of Instructional Design as well as the A.D.D.I.E.
method for optimal student learning: Â 
As a result, my designs increased student satisfaction rate from 65% to 85%.Â 
Evaluated and researched pedagogical methods with instructional designers and faculty. 
Created digital visual aids to enhance student
learning by working consistently with Academic Web Services to analyze student needs and write the scripts for the e-learning tools. Â 
Company Name
 
September 2005
 
to 
September 2009
 
Visual Arts Instructor
 
Solved problems by designing non-existent curriculum for required college courses in the Fine Arts department.
Designed and developed effective curriculum and instruction for on campus Perspective Drawing Course and Digital Painting Course by
analyzing course competencies and student needs to ensure optimal student learning.
Successfully met course objectives by facilitating courses using my curriculum for multi presentation graphic design program and assessing
student progress consistently for four semesters.
Addressed all learning styles and adult learning theories to develop lesson plans for art courses using current software programs, art
methods, and other tools.Successfully managed and evaluated curriculum using portfolio assessment of 40 students
Consistently met with students individually to address student concerns thereby resolving any issues in a timely manner.
Responded promptly to student inquiry and graded assignments.
Entered data regularly into the Learning Management System to meet grade report deadlines.
Created effective rubrics for students for metacognition purposes as well as assessment of assignments.
Increased student motivation by actualizing critical thinking strategies in weekly lessons.
Initiated use of various software and media tools to address all learning styles.
Education
University of Phoenix,
 
2007
 
Master of Arts
 
: 
Education/Curriculum Instruction
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
U.S.A.
Applied the ADDIE method of instructional design and implemented it for classroom use and corporate training purposes. Â 
Designed Action Research Plan in APA format for creation of ESL Tutoring programs in schools. Â 
Developed university course for corporate training purposes.
Arizona State University,
 
2005
 
Bachelor of Arts
 
: 
Interdisciplinary Arts & 
Performance-Visual Arts
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
U.S.A.
Critiqued fine art using elements of design and principles of art for both written and oral presentation. Â 
Completed internship at Glendale Community College for Fine Arts Department
Skills
conflict resolution, course development, critical thinking, curriculum development, Â instructional design, Â research, staff development, teaching,
trouble shooting