COLOR CONSULTANT
Summary
Adaptable and ambitious administrative professional with 5+ years experience in accounting and finance, real estate, as well as customer service.Â 
Experience
November 2016
to
Current
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Color Consultant
Sephora is one of the largest cosmetic retailers world wide. As a Color Consultant my daily responsibilities include:
Achieving the stores daily sales goal by assisting clients with their product purchases.
Analyzing skin condition and make appropriate product recommendations.
Working as a team with colleagues and participating in weekly competitions/games, themes, etc.
Stocking shelves, supplies, and organizing displays.
Developing positive customer relationships through friendly greetings and excellent service.
June 2012
to
September 2016
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Office Manager
McHugh CPA Group is a family owned accounting office located in Atlanta, GA. Microsoft proficency, meticulous attention to detail, strong
problem solving, and customer service were required skills needed as an Office Manager. Daily responsibilities:
Preperation of tax returns, E-filing, and POA's (Power of Attorney).
Managed accounts payable/recievable.
Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases.
Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office.
Performed complex general accounting functions, including preperation of journal entries, account analysis, and balance sheet
reconciliations.
Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews.
March 2011
to
July 2012
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Receptionist
Â Worked for RE/MAX as an entry level receptionist.Â Daily responsibilities included:Â 
Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings, and staff events.
Managed office supplies, vendors, organization, and up keep.
Coordinated, scheduled, and arranged meeting and travel calendars, including business and social events.
Opened and properly distributed incoming mail.
Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services.
Education
May 2010
Norwich Free Academy
 
City
 
, 
State
 
High school
Skills
Excellent communication skills
Articulate and well-spoken
Accurate and detailed
Microsoft Office profiency
Social media knowledge
Team building
Invoice rocessing
Strong client relations