PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
Summary
PR/Media Relations professional skilled at delivering sharply focused, high-impact for corporate, government, and not-for-profit organizations that
generate measurable results.
Strategic thinker who understands big-picture business goals, develops program strategies/tactics, and exceeds expectations.
Highlights
Brand Positioning
Messaging Strategy
Writing & Editing
Media Outreach
Project Management
Crisis Management
Executive Coaching
Event Planning/Execution
New Product Launches
Experience
01/2003
 
to 
01/2014
PUBLIC RELATIONS MANAGER
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Create/implement plans to promote IREM and its credentials, product/service offerings, thought leadership initiatives and events via ongoing
publicity news flow and media relations outreach.
Secure /promote speaking engagements for IREM leaders at high-profile industry events.
Develop publicity/public relations tools and resources for chapter, regional and national leaders; provide training on use.
Coordinate annual leadership communications training focused on formal and informal interaction with media and other target audiences.
Support leadership outreach program to those positioned to purchase (or influence purchase of) IREM products /services.
Contribute to branding strategy as a resource to the Marketing Department.
Provide timely, engaging, newsworthy content for IREM social media platforms.
Develop/administer budgets for PR and related programs with focus on cost control.
Some Key Achievements: Cultivated long-term relationships with local/regional/national press contacts by proactively stimulating and
responding to requests for editorial input.
Received many unsolicited compliments from media about quality and speed of service.
Achieved double-digit, year-over-year increases in media coverage as measured by audience reach, volume of placements, and number of
media outlets.
Developed/ implemented program to identify and train IREM spokesperson experts to respond to media and other inquiries.
Orchestrated /participated in annual Leadership Media Tours to New York for organization's top executives, with one-on-one meetings
arranged with prominent media outlets, including the Wall Street Journal.
Prepared background information, talking points, story ideas and other materials to help ensure positive meeting outcomes.
Prepared compelling submissions positioning IREM leaders to win leading industry awards.
Led committee of industry leaders and senior staff 
that developed and launched a major program to grow more 
enrollments in IREM
education programs, more practitioners pursing/ obtaining IREM certification and membership, and more college/university students
interested IREM and a real estate management career.
Now institutionalized across 93 US and international IREM chapters, the program has generated, and continues to yield, excellent results.
Successfully managed crisis communications for incidents including dismissal of a high-level staff member and murder of an association
member.
Sharon V.
Peters Page Two) Some Key Achievements (cont'd): Managed multiple, concurrent projects on a daily basis, completing them on time and
on budget.
Worked across departments and member groups in ways that promoted collaboration.
Mentored less-experienced employees on issues related to PR and media relations.
01/1988
 
to 
01/2003
SENIOR VICE PRESIDENT
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
A 50-plus-year-old international public relations firm.
following successive promotions from Account Executive) Some Key Responsibilities: Serve on leadership team responsible for office
growth strategy, employee policies, etc.
Help to sell new business, including proposal development and formal presentations.
Manage all aspects of accounts assigned to lead, interfacing with executive leaders and PR staff to develop program goals, strategies,
tactics, budgets, timelines and measurement parameters.
Help manage and mentor junior staff Some Key Achievements: Built strong relationships with diverse client base that included corporations,
government bodies and association/not-for-profit organizations, e.g.
Whirlpool, Coca-Cola, Coopers & Lybrand 
[now PwC], Jamaica Tourist Board, Comcast, Madison Gas and Electric Company, NationalRoofing Contractors Association.
Key clients had longevity of between eight and 13 years, e.g.
Whirlpool, Defense Research Institute (defense trial lawyers), Madison Gas and Electric and Jamaica Tourist Board.
Orchestrated high-impact media relations results for all client programs in which media outreach was a component.
Conceived and directed numerous major, successful events to promote various client programs, including many held at high-profile venues in
New York and Chicago.
Education
BA
 
SYRACUSE UNIVERSITY
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
 
GPA: 
with Honors
 
with Honors
Interests
Recognized for excellence in corporate communications by: *Financial World Magazine *National Association of Investment Clubs *International
Association of Business Communicators
Affiliations
National Association of Real Estate Editors, Associate Member (formally recognized for meeting contributions) *Association Forumof
Chicagoland COMMUNITY SERVICE: 
*Animal welfare: Member of the Development Board, Pets Are Worth Saving (PAWS) (2005-Present)
Additional Information
AWARDS: Recognized for excellence in corporate communications by: Financial World Magazine National Association of Investment
Clubs International Association of Business Communicators
Skills
branding, budgets, budget, content, cost control, crisis communications, Crisis Management, client, clients, editorial, Editing, Event Planning,
Executive Coaching, focus, government, Leadership, Marketing, materials, Media Relations, meetings, mentor, Messaging, Excel, MS Office,
office, Outlook, PowerPoint, win, Word, policies, Positioning, presentations, press, PR, profit, Project Management, proposal development,
Public Relations, speaking, publicity, quality, real estate, Research, Roofing, social media platforms, Strategy, Strategic