EXECUTIVE CHEF
Professional Summary
To join an organization that will allow me to apply my experience and knowledge.
Skills
Work History
Executive Chef
 
, 
01/2008
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Prepare daily meal preparation for 500 & 4000 man "Work Force Camps" in remote locations with 4 daily meals and transportable
lunches.
Provision & Prepare meals for Commercial Fishing crews of 250 Individuals.
Develop and cost menu items for targeted food cost.
Establish & maintain purveyor relationships.
Negotiate property, equipment leases and sales.
Oversee Food & Beverage operations for multiple site locations to include administration of weekly purchasing budget.
Establish par/prep standards, i.e.
FIFO, label and dating foods.
Perform/Train staff in all "line" positions & FOH/BOH functions as required.
Interview, hire, train & review employees as necessary.
Maintain consistent interviewing and hiring practices.
Develop and create all banquet/catering menus.
Plan all private and special events.
Maintain consistent HACCP, Serve-Safe and Alcohol Service standards and relative documentation wherever required.
Direct Supervision of 25-50 Employees.
Oversee all Retail operations.
Recipe Design/Menu Engineering.
Manage procurement & Logistics for all outlets Retail & Hospitality Maintain High level of Customer Service Business Plan Development
Location Evaluation Management Services Menu Design & Layout Restaurant & Brewery Design Equipment Purchasing Design
Consultation Restaurant Systems and Policies Author employee standards manual.
Create and facilitate all staff training manuals and related position testing.
Budgeting & Financial Controls Develop/implement all marketing & advertising strategies.
Analyze and implement necessary changes to improve guest service or staff efficiency.
Sales Floor Merchandising/Planograms.
Recipe Development/Menu Engineering.
Operations
 
, 
01/1997
 
to 
01/2000
 
Company Name
 
– 
City
 
, 
State
 
Corporate Menu Development, Costing, and Procurement/Logistics for Remote Camps Contract Negotiations for Food Brokerage and
Shipping.
Planning and preparing daily meals for passengers and crew.
Vendor Relationships and price negotiations.
Solid relationships with Culinary Unions.
Responsible for safe and organized operation of galley.
Organized and planned galley tours for onboard passengers.
Positive and consistent interaction with passengers.
Serve-Safe CFPM, HACCP USDA/FDA, Alaska, Washington, Oregon Certified Food Handler.
Budget forecasting for all individual restaurant entities to include food, labor and beverage and diverse costs based upon specific operations.
Operational adherence for Franchisee of 2 QSR and other Fast Food operations to include corporate oversight of Food, Labor and
Controllable Costs.
QSR 18-21% 
Full Service 30-32% & Overall labor costs) Responsible for ordering & inventory control.
Oversee complete Food & Beverage Operations of multiple full service restaurants.
Manage the production of 175-400 covers nightly with 5-8m in annual sales.
Supervision of 475 Seasonal & Fulltime Staff with multiple locations.
Training all FOH to include Wine & Beverage service and relative food pairings.
Training of all BOH to include Food Handling, Safe Practices, FIFO and Kitchen Systems and recipe/plating adherence.
Recipe Design/Menu Engineering Corporate Chef Of 10 Vessel Organization SALES/MARKETING Sales, Merchandising and delivery of
high quality varietal wines, foods and beverages.
Customer Service Training for Sales Staff Overall vineyard management of 37 acres.
Product Sales Forecasting and Ordering Trends.
Sales Staff Training & Merchandising.
Develop Strategic Sales and Marketing Plan.
Co-host weekly radio show.
Responsible for performance reviews of all Sales & Culinary Staff.
Oversee Weekly Sales Meetings & Supervision of 15 Sales Staff.Store Set/Re-Set According To Plan-O-Gram.
Implement and Develop Key Performance indicators for all staff, both Sales and Culinary Divisions.
Create & Develop Sales Incentive Programs Primary Organizer for Community & Catering/Banquet Events.
Implement Bi-Annual Sales Retreats.
Route Sales.
The above listed experience was the parent company of Food Service Associates)Castile Trucking, 
The Shanghai Café, Tai-Tung, Four-
Seas, Alaska Sightseeing Cruise West, 
Chili's of Westminster, Wendy's Of The Rockies, 
The Gallery Restaurant & Lounge (2 Locations)
The Quality Hotel Tacoma Dome, Crown Pacific Inn, Ernst Home Centers , Paul's Grocery, 
Mt Baker Vineyards & The Hungry Halibut
Restaurant & Lounge.
01/1986
 
to 
01/2008
 
Education
M.S
 
: 
Hospitality Management
 
, 
Wing Luke University, Shanghai Province, Peoples Republic of China
 
- 
Hospitality Management
B.P.S
 
: 
Culinary Management
 
, 
Culinary Management
Accomplishments
U.S.
Naval Culinary Training, USNTC, San Diego, Ca.
USS Esteem MSO-438, 
Member of US.
Naval Culinary Team 
1977-1980 Internship-Victor Rossellini, Owner, Rossellini's 410, Seattle, Washington Internship-Trotter's Restaurant,
Chicago, Illinois LICENSES/AFFILIATIONS American Culinary Federation # 234185 C.E.C.
SERVE SAFE #7361161, 
HACCP, USDA/FDA, 
Alaska, Washington and Oregon Food Handler's Card TIPS/TAMS Certification,
National Restaurant Assoc, Pro-Start Mentor/Coach NSTC Certification, First-Aid, CPR & AED, TWIC, FAA Security Clearance and
Merchant Mariner's Documents- United States Coast Guard.
Skills
advertising, Budgeting, Budget, Bi, Business Plan Development, Consultation, Contract Negotiations, Customer Service, Customer Service
Training, delivery, documentation, special events, Fast, Financial, forecasting, hiring, inventory control, Layout, Logistics, Marketing Plan,
marketing, Meetings, Merchandising, negotiations, Organizer, performance reviews, Policies, Procurement, Purchasing, Quality, radio, Retail,
SALES, Sales Forecasting, Shipping, Staff Training, Strategic, Supervision, Author