CONSULTANT
Core Qualifications
Ganesh Seetharaman is a senior IT infrastructure specialist and Ganesh has just finished an international project for a client and is looking
for a role specializing in the Solutions management. He has a Masters in Computer Applications (MCA) and is a seasoned technical
specialist providing business infrastructure solutions, services and support, according to defined processes.
His expertise includes,
Project Management
Implementation Specialist *WebLogic Server Administration
Incident Management
Database administration *Oracle Cloud operations
People Management
ITIL Service Management
Oracle Enterprise Manager
Operations Management
Change Management *AWS
Process capability
Technical support for 24X7 systems
Database Administration: Exadata X5-2, X4-2, X3-2, Oracle Database 10g/11g
Middleware Administration: Oracle WebLogic Server 10.3.6, 10.3.5, Oracle Application 
server, Oracle Management Server, Primavera
Operating System: Linux, HP-Unix, Solaris, Windows
Database Tools: EM, RAC, RMAN, Data Guard, AWR/ADDM, TKPROF, SQLDeveloper
Other tools: Excel, MS Project, Visio, F5 Bigip, Global Traffic Manager
Testing tools: Win runner, Quick test pro
Professional Experience
07/2016
Company Name
 
Consultant
Collaborate with Clients, customers to ensure successful implementations which includes.
Implement OEM 12c setup, Apply BP, Plugins, performance monitoring, notification set up.
Install/upgrade/patch Oracle Database, performance tuning.
Install/upgrade/patch Oracle WebLogic servers, deploy applications.
12/2014
 
- 
06/2016
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Project Manager
Led teams across broad technical, financial and business disciplines.
Focused teams on business objectives and tracked progress to ensure project milestones were completed on time, on budget and with the
desired results.
Mitigated risk factors through careful analysis of financial and statistical data.
Anticipated and managed change effectively in rapidly evolving global business environments.
Defined processes and tools best suited to each project.
Moved between agile and waterfall approaches depending on project specifics and client goals, creating detailed project road maps, plans,
schedules and work breakdown structures.
Executed and implemented and managed multiple projects including, Upgrade database from 10g to 11203/11204 Upgrade database/Grid
from 11204 to 12c Migrate database from Oracle Virtual Machines to Oracle Exadata Machines Move database from normal filesystem to
ASM disk groups Apply database PSU patches, and one off patches to the environment for multiple customers.
Building OEM from scratch to go live 
Upgrade Oracle WebLogic from 10.3.5 to 10.3.6 Upgrade Oracle Web Tier from 11.1.1.3 to
11.1.1.6 Apart from managing projects other daily tasks include Managed a team for Enterprise manager cloud control(Cloudem12c) for
Oracle Public Cloud that supports and facilitates end to end monitoring solutions for Oracle cloud services.
Manage a global team for Cloudem administration (OEM 11g,12c) Deploy/implement OEM 12c sites from end to end Deploy agents
1000's of agents thru mass deploy Deploy/configure management plugins Troubleshoot Oracle Management server issues Troubleshoot
Agent issues and make sure they are healthy and uploading all the time Create IP reports to monitor the health of targets
Notification/Alerting setup for target availability issues Upgrade OMS and Agents for every new release Follow up with development on
bugs and apply fixes as appropriate Maintain a test bed for testing all fixes Administration of access for users thru roles, privileges Automate
EM administration thru command line interface "EMCLI" Create plans, work with team to execute the project plan in building new EM sites
for Cloudem customers and administer them.
Recruit, work with new team members to bring them on board in quick time Writing technical documents to help team members in executing
new projects Provide technical guidance throughout the project life cycle Process development in a continual manner and provide trouble
shooting assistance.
02/2005
 
- 
11/2014
Principal systems Consultant
Part of Oracle Public Cloud's Monitoring Solution team - CloudEM Operation's team.
Monitoring included 20000 Database + double the number of Fusion Middleware targets + ZFS targets and making Enterprise Managerthe source of truth for any monitoring and inventory storage solution in Oracle Public Cloud.
The CLOUDEM Operations team supports multiple EM sites across all of the oracle fleet.
This is an ever growing portfolio as Oracle is constantly adding new data centers.
When a new site is added it is the job of our team to build out the new EM environments.
Operations team provides the physically installed servers both exadata and exalogic and we go on to build out the Enterprise Manager site.
This includes building grid and database, installing OMS & agents, configuring EM for SSL and SSO and working to set up TAS and SDI
provisioning services.
Each of our sites monitor SAAS (Software as a Service) and/or PAAS (Platform as a Service) environments.
Projects varying from building new environments in different data centers, building disaster recovery environments, Oracle management
server upgrades (new Releases), database upgrades applying critical bundle patches and updates, ensuring high availability for the customers
Installation of Oracle software/databases Upgrade grid, database from 10g to 11203/11204 & 11g to 12c Apply database PSU patches,
and one off patches to the environment for every possible database bugs Responsible for Tuning the Oracle Applications Database that run
on the UNIX server to achieve optimal performance.
Proficient Knowledge of RAC, Configuration Implemented building 20 different OEM sites in various Oracle Cloud Data Centers Deploy
OMS, Upgrade OMS plugins, Applying BP on top of OMS infrastructure Implement backup and recovery procedures using RMAN for
Oracle databases and test regularly in conjunction with Operations.
Administer/upgrade/patch Oracle WebLogic servers.
04/2004
 
- 
02/2005
Company Name
 
Associate Consultant
Installation of Oracle software on Linux boxes Creating tablespaces and database files based on the OFA model.
Managing database security and creating and assigning appropriate roles and privileges as required by the application Administration of
Oracle 10g Application Server.
Performance tuning of using Explain Plan, SQL Trace, TKPROF, RDA, and STATSPACK.
Applying Patches for backend Changes Monitoring Backup Schedules.
Provided 24x7 on call production support Database Reorganizations to reduce fragmentations.
Monitoring alert logs, trace files to check Database health and corruption.
Education
MCA, Madurai Kamaraj University University of Madras - RKM Vivekananda College
 
TRAININGS AND CERTIFICTAIONS Six Sigma
Green Belt - certified ITIL V3 Foundation certified Oracle DBA 10g/11g Admin Workshop I and II (OCP) Oracle WebLogic Server/Application
Server 11g Administration Oracle 10g/11g RAC DBA Training Exadata and Database Machine Administration Workshop PMP - Project
Management Professional Training Pursuing AWS Solution Architect - Associate certification 
: 
BSc Math
 
BSc Math
Skills
go live, agile, Architect, ASM, Automate, Backup, budget, c, Change Management, Strong interpersonal skills, excellent communication,
Computer Applications, client, Clients, Database Administration, DBA, databases, Database, disaster recovery, financial, inventory, IP, ITIL,
Linux, People Management, Managing, access, Excel, MS Project, Windows, Middleware, Enterprise, Operating System, Operations
Management, Oracle Applications, Oracle Application 
server, Oracle Enterprise Manager, Oracle, Oracle DBA, Oracle Database, organizational
skills, People skills, Excellent presentation skills, Primavera, Process development, processes, progress, Project Management, Quick, servers, Six
Sigma, Solaris, SQL, SSL, Technical support, Troubleshoot, trouble shooting, troubleshooting, HP-Unix, UNIX, upgrades, Upgrade, Visio,
WebLogic, Win runner