PERSONAL ASSISTANT/INTERN TO DEPUTY MINISTER OF CONSTRUCTION AND HOUSING- SIERRA, E. A.
Summary
Executive administrative support professional offering versatile office management, planning and research skills. Committed to quality performance,
cognitive thinking and management of organizational goals.
Seeking a position of Development or Executive Assistant where my skills in identifying project strategies and locations are utilized for mutual
growth and success. Particularly wish to apply my extensive research skills and customer service experience in a dynamic real estate setting.
Highlights
Strong interpersonal and communication skills
Articulate and well-spoken
Professional and mature
Meticulous attention to detail
Results-oriented
Russian (fluent)
Spanish (advanced reading & writing)
Advanced MS Office Suite knowledge
Time management
Database management
Conference planning
Travel administration
Business correspondence
Executive presentation development
Employee training development
Accomplishments
Awarded a bonus in recognition of managing the addition of more than 50 staff members.
Planned corporate meetings, lunches and special events for groups of 50+ employees.
Supported Deputy Minister (Russian Federation) through personal document management, calendar organization and collateral preparation
for meetings with government officials.
Helped manage and coordinate installation of a roadway and parking lot project within an entire commercial development.
Wrote and produced a series of 10 audio and print stories for "PRISM" radio broadcast investigating economic development trends in the
Washington, D.C. Metropolitan area (INTL TV, Services, Inc.)
Earned "Dean's List" between 2012 and 2014.
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Personal Assistant/Intern to Deputy Minister of Construction and Housing- Sierra, E. A. 
10/2014
 
to 
12/2014
 
Organized files, developed spreadsheets and reports.
Managed the day-to-day calendar for the DM.
Created and maintained spreadsheets using advanced Excel functions and calculations to develop budget reports and lists.
Created PowerPoint presentations used for local construction projects.
Handled some media and public relations inquiries.
Drafted meeting agendas, supplied advance materials and executed follow-up for meetings and team conferences.
Planned travel arrangements for 10 executives and government officials.
Researching and analyzed current economic trends for urban mixed-use development.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Executive Assistant to Director of Operations & CEO
 
05/2011
 
to 
06/2014
Managed the CEO's complex and frequently changing travel arrangements and coordinated the pre-planning of trips.
Managed external contacts for CEO and kept track of periodic communication needed for priority contacts.
Created expense reports, budgets and filing systems.
Conducted research to prepare, gather and proof briefing materials, agendas and decks for all executive-level meetings.
Processed travel expenses and reimbursements.
Assisted with team building initiatives and overall support for maintenance of organizational culture and employee morale.
Supported the human resources department in the annual employee review process to manage performance merit increases.
Directed administrative functions for the directors, principals, consultants and key managers.
Translated and edited Russian and Spanish news media into English.Frequently used word processing, spreadsheet, database and presentation software.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Teacher Assistant
 
01/2006
 
to 
06/2006
Developed and taught Spanish language lessons to promote student interest on teacher's behalf.
Fostered meaningful relationships among students through team-work community service projects.
Collaborated with a team of faculty to develop after-school Spanish tutorial programs.
CompanyName
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Loan Officer Intern
 
01/2005
 
to 
12/2005
Compiled database of loan applicants' credit histories, corporate financial statements and other financial information.
Developed and maintained relationships with local real estate agents.
Learned to originate, review, process, close and administer customer loan proposals.
Maintained strict confidentiality of bank records and client information.
Reviewed and edited loan agreements to ensure accuracy.
Education
Master of Arts
 
:
 
Economics & Community Development
 
2015
 
Pennsylvania State University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
GPA: 4.0
Bachelor of Arts
 
:
 
International Relations; Spanish Language
 
2008
 
George Mason University
 
, 
City
 
, 
State
GPA: 3.2
Skills
People skills; Interpersonal and communication, client/employee/student relations, customer service, team building, cultural diversity experience and
advanced problem-solving.
Office Administration; MS Office Suite, database management, filing, financial statements/transactions, basic HR procedures, C-Level
management, presentations, proposals, real estate knowledge, report writing, market research, translation, spreadsheet, employee training, travel
arrangements, typing speed 60 WPM, word processing and editing