CONSULTANT
Career Focus
To obtain a position in the area of SAP Consulting, utilizing my skills, academic background and past work experience, thus encouraging career
advancement with growth of the organization. SYNOPSIS SYNOPSIS 7 years of professional experience with 5 yrs of experience as an SAP
Consultant and 2 yrs in Banking and Financial Analysis Working with Infosys Limited, Sunnyvale, CA, USA as a SAP Consultant - SAP FI/CO
since Oct 2010 Have been involved in 5 project implementations across various areas in the SAP FI/CO module Prior work experience includes 2
years domain experience in Banking and Financial analysis at Yes Bank Ltd. India, Goldman Sachs, India and Ocwen Financials, India Working in
California, USA (since Oct 2012) on a H1B Work Permit
Experience
Consultant
 
10/2010
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
5 Yrs) Client: Is a leading American multinational corporation headquartered in Cupertino, California, that designs, develops, and sells
consumer electronics, mobile devices, computer software, online services and personal computers.
Roles and Responsibilities: Working as a Functional Consultant in the SAP FI/CO Module for the client.
Involved in 5 Project Implementations in the FI/CO Module and presently working as the Module Lead of a 40 member Global FI/CO
Support and Maintenance Team.
The typical role as the Functional Consultant in each project broadly involved Requirement Gathering, Preparation of the Design Document,
carrying out the configurations and coordination with the ABAP resources, Integration Testing, End User Training and Documentation, Cut
Over, Go-live and Post Implementation Support and Production Support Handover.
Project Overview: Payment Consolidation System, a vendor payment automation system which involves multiple customized tools
leveraging existing SAP Functionality to enable to automation of a unique and complex business process involving payments to multiple
vendors in addition to transmitting key information to frontend systems.
SAP FI-CA (RMCA): Implementation of the FI-CA (RMCA) module implemented by the client for a specific business line involving mass
business transactions.
Have been involved in configuration of the system along with integration with the Core SAP Module and other downstream reporting
systems (SAP BW / EDW) Revenue Recognition, a process involving customization of existing SAP Functionality to enable calculation and
recognition of deferred revenue through creation of relevant Subscription or Service Oriented Contracts, enabling distinct calculations for
each of the elaborate mix of product offerings.
Journal Voucher Workflow, a web based utility which enables manual postings of various Accounting Postings Types, enabled with all SAP
validations and customized features in addition to scenario based multi level approvals Balance Sheet Reconciliation, a web based utility
which helps business users perform period reconciliation of balance sheet accounts to meet internal and statutory requirements after fiscal
close.
Production Support and Maintenance, supporting and maintaining the complete SAP FI/CO Landscape.
The scope of work involves but is not limited to key functionalities implemented such as General Ledger, AR/AP, Automatic Payment
Program (F110), Asset Accounting, AB-COPA, Special Purpose Ledger, Revenue Recognition, Taxes on Sales / Purchases, Vertex,
Treasury, EBS, Collections and Dispute Management, FI-CA (RM-CA), Invoice Cockpit, Lockbox, in addition to various customized
utilities and applications.
Module lead of a 40 member Global FI/CO Support and Maintenance Team Co-ordinating with client for providing acceptable solutions to
problems, queries raised by client within predefined stringent time limit and providing solution to users.
Corrections and Enhancements made to the configuration settings for different company codes as per the business requirements Involved in
Month End , Quarter End and Year End Close acivities which involve monitoring of system and resolving any close critical issues.
Involved in SAP Support Packs and Enhancement Packs implementations Customizing and configuration of various areas of IMG activities
including: General Ledger master records, Account receivable/ Accounts Payable, Withholding Tax, House banks, Taxes on sales and
purchases, Asset Accounting, Basic setting of Controlling, Cost Center and Profit Center Accounting, Internal orders, Profitability Analysis,
Integration of FI with MM and SD.
Creation of G/L Masters, Cash Journals, House banks and Maintaining Field Status Variant and Posting Keys.
Defining Fiscal year variant, Posting periods, Tolerance groups, Document types and number ranges.
Configuring Automatic Payment Program (F110).
Involved in Core user & end user training and preparation of user manuals.
SAP Expertise Have extensive experience in Key SAP FI/CO functionaltities such as General Ledger, AR/AP, Automatic Payment
Program (F110), Asset Accounting, AB-COPA, Special Purpose Ledger etc.
Have worked extensively in the FI-CA (RMCA) module implemented by the client for a specific business line involving mass business
transactions.
Have been involved in configuration of the system along with integration with the Core SAP Module and other downstream reporting
systems (SAP BW / EDW) Worked extensivlely in the Revenue Accounting model.
Enabling deferred revenue accounting for various mix of products Extensive knowlegde of customized web based tools to enable postings in
SAP with additional approval route features.
Have been involed in customized tools develeoped leveraging SAP HANA Functionalities Experience in niche functionalities such as
Electronic Bank Statements (EBS) and Treasury Experience in various standard and customized FI Reports across functionalties and
integration with other SAP modules such as SD, MM and BW Experience in reading and understanding ABAP Code.
Relationship Partner
 
04/2010
 
to 
10/2010
 
Company Name
 
City
Acquisition of Small and Medium Enterprises (SME) clients (with turnover up to INR 2500 Million).
Furnish the clients with end-to-end financial solutions encompassing Financial Markets, Trade and Treasury services, Corporate Finance,
Account Services and Term Loans with focus towards Working Capital Requirements (such as Cash Credit Limits, Letter of Credit, BankGuarantee, Invoice Discounting, Over Draft Limits etc.).
Analysing their financials and rating these clients on financial and non financial risk.
Maintain portfolio quality by proactive account management, Monitoring of account conduct; undertake stock and unit visits etc.
Analyst
 
11/2007
 
to 
06/2008
 
Company Name
 
City
Ensuring all cash and stock transactions in the client accounts are accurate in order to minimize financial risk.
Conducting in-depth analysis of exceptions in the account and timely resolution of the same.
Asset level analysis of funds before the monthly or daily Net Asset Value (NAV) is published.
Preparing consolidated reports for high net worth clients taking into account all the internal and external holdings.
Associate
 
07/2006
 
to 
07/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
Financial Analysis of defaulted loans and approving it for foreclosure.
Initializing and coordinating foreclosure of defaulted loans.
Ensuring timely completion of active foreclosures.
Education
Degree/Certificate Institute Year of Passing Percentage
 
: 
Finance
 
2010
 
International Management Institute
 
City
 
GPA: 
GPA: 3.047
 
Finance GPA:
3.047
2006
 
Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College
Senior Secondary Certificate (ICSE) Baldwin Boys' High School, Bangalore 2001 76.33% AMFI - Mutual Fund (Advisors) Module NSE's
Certification in Financial Markets (NCFM) 
2003
 
Sri Bhagawan Mahaveer Jain College
 
DCM Shriram Consolidated Ltd. (New Delhi) Intern
Bachelor of Commerce
 
Bangalore University
Higher Secondary Certificate
Personal Information
21st September, 1985
Additional Information
ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS Received the Star Performer Award at Infosys Limited in Aug 2014,
a recognition for excellenece in overall performance and client deliverables Received the MFG-SAP Champion Award at Infosys Limited in
Q2 FY 2012, a specialized award to recognize excellence in the SAP Area Received Muliple Spot Awards at Infosys Limited , a
recognition for excellenece in the designated Project. Consistently received the Best Rating in Performance Appraisal Cycle at Infosys
Limited 
PERSONAL DETAILS PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth: 
21st September, 1985 Sex: 
Male
Skills
ABAP, account management, reconciliation of balance sheet accounts, Accounting, Accounts Payable, Go-live, AP, AR, automation, Balance
Sheet, Basic, Business Process, Cash Management, CA, Consultant, consumer electronics, Contracts, Corporate Finance, Credit, Client, clients,
Document Management, Documentation, downstream, Estimating, features, financials, Financial, Financial Analysis, focus, Functional, funds,
General Ledger, Ledger, Market, Profit, quality, reading, reporting, Requirement, Retail, Revenue Recognition, Sales, SAP BW, SAP FI, SAP,
SD, Tax, Taxes, User Training, user manuals, Treasury, unique, utilities, Vertex, Workflow