HEALTHCARE CONSULTANT
Executive Profile
Proven leader with solid performance seeking new challenges to bring a comprehensive set of skills to your company. Former military leader,
certified instructor, designated a Subject Matter Expert in 2 fields of medicine, experienced public speaker.
Skill Highlights
Skills Used
Microsoft Office, Smarttech SMART Board, Public Speaking, Public Relations, Marketing, Sales
Instructor/Writer - Combat Medic Advanced Individual Training
1st Detachment, 108th Training Command - Augusta, GA - November 2014 to October 2015
Train, lead, and mentor upcoming healthcare specialists.
Be the example of "what right looks like" for new healthcare practitioners to follow.
Read, revise/edit, publish and teach course material for a healthcare program that graduates over 30,000
individuals annually.
Project management regarding training program tasks.
Supervise the logistics of monthly synchronization meetings from catering and event planning to security and
logistics for monthly gatherings of key leaders in public venues.
Teach NREMT curriculum to students attempting EMT certification.
Evaluate NREMT practical skills for EMT certifications.
Teach CPR/BLS.
Teach TCCC core curriculum and advanced skills.
Teach additional skills such as mass casualty management, patient administration, disaster management,
critical thinking, leadership development, convoy operations, logistics, supply chain management, and other
necessary skills to be a Healthcare Specialist in the US Army.
Instructor/Writer - Infantry Battlefield First Aid
Alpha Company, 2nd Infantry Battallion, 29th Infantry Regiment - Fort Benning, GA - November 2012 to
November 2014
Responsibilities
Teach TCCC core curriculum and First Aid to classes of up to 220 Infantryman.
Teach additional skills such as mass casualty management, critical thinking, leadership development, medical
evacuation logistics, and other necessary skills to save lives.
Supervise records management of instructor credentials, supply orders, equipment maintenance, and
building/site maintenance.
Emergency Care Sergeant, Squad Leader
Echo Company, 2nd Infantry Battallion, 29th Infantry Regiment - Fort Benning, GA - April 2011 to
November 2012
Hospital, Pre-Hospital, Long-term Geriatric Population, VA Home/Clinic, Acute Care, Phlebotomy/Lab,
Immunization Clinic, Medical/Surgical Ward, PACU, ICU, Pediatric Emergency Department, Telemetry,
Behavioral Health Ward*
Supervised 2 noncommisioned officers and 10 soldiers. Assigned them to 5 ambulance teams. Managed their
duties and helped resolve their personal issues in order to make them effective leaders and efficient medics.
Responsible for medical equipment sets valued at over $100,000.00 each including vehicles and HAZMAT.
Designated as the primary Information Technology point of contact within the section, implemented and
oversaw the transition to paperless office management and streamlined previously cumbersome and outdated
communications methods.
Emergency Care Specialist
Headquarters and Headquarters Company/Bravo Company, 1-41 Infantry Batallion, 3rd Brigade, 1st Armor
Division - Fort Bliss, TX - June 2009 to June 2011
Responsibilities
Clinical patient care, austere/remote medical care.
Live Fire training exercises and medical support.
Individual and crew served weapons training.
Infantry tactics and SOP's
Microsoft Office 2013, Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Adobe Acrobat Professional, Adobe Photoshop,
Solidworks, Emergency Management Systems, Network Administration, DSLR Photography, Supply Chain
Management, Classified Document Management, Joint Commission Inspection Standards, Classroom
Instruction (10+ years)
Core Accomplishments
Designed and implemented a mass casualty evacuation SOP for a battalion of 600 soldiers.
The SOP was so effective that it was adopted as the brigade standard for 3000 soldiers.
Designed and implemented a field expedient casualty evacuation system using civilian vehicles.
Coordinated all resources necessary to create a cost effective, fully equipped, fully functional aid station and synergistic casualty evacuation
plan using non-medical assets Designed training program using scenario based training for infantrymen, first line supervisors, and command
staff to effectively manage mass casualty situations Skills Used Aluminum fabrication, complex problem solving, program management,disaster management, casualty management, patient care, security, defensive tactics, offensive tactics, logistics, supply chain management
Emergency Care Specialist Charlie Company, 302nd Brigade Support Battalion, 1st Heavy Brigade Combat Team - Camp Casey, South
Korea - June 2007 to June 2009 Cross-trained Republic of Korea Army (ROKA) medical personnel in U.S.
tactics and medical skill sets Cross-trained with ROKA Combat Engineers in breaching techniques and explosive demolition Project
manager for the integration and effective training in Medical Communications for Combat Casualty Care (MC4) system for a company of
170 medical personnel Countless convoy planning operations involving the simultaneous movement, set-up, and break-down of ambulance
exchange points, forward surgical teams, level 1 trauma centers, and mass casualty incident management centers Noncombatant Evacuation
Operations Senior Supervisor.
Supervised, planned and implemented a full spectrum evacuation of 27 families of US Soldiers from South Korea to Japan during Operation
Courageous Channel.
Emergency Care Specialist Training Support Company, 32nd Medical Brigade - Fort Sam Houston, TX - May 2005 to June 2007
Responsibilities Coached, mentored, and credentialed individuals in medical skills necessary to do their job Provided medical support for
50,000+ personnel annually in a training area of 27,990 acres Supervised the pharmaceutical supply chain management for the most heavily
used medical activity on the base Awarded for pioneering the compliance with DoD paperless office mandate in 2006 resulting in a
streamlined work environment with greatly reduced supply consumption.
Project manager for logistical transport, set up, staffing, and equipment movement for a special needs Intensive Care Unit in San Antonio,
TX during refugee movements from areas effected by Hurricane Katrina in 2007.
Professional Experience
Healthcare Consultant
 
05/2016
 
to 
10/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Introduce patients to the training program, how the EEG monitoring will assist their recovery, and how the weekly training works in
conjunction with other parts of their treatment plan.
Set up the computer, software, Brainmaster Discovery 24E, Pocket Neurobics U-Wiz, and electrodes.
Ensure Bioera PNwiz is tracking appropriately and that all parameters load properly.
Troubleshoot equipment and software if necessary.
Explain the cognitive testing procedures and coach individuals through initial and follow up brain mapping.
Coach individuals through their training sessions and monitor their progress.
Healthcare Consultant
 
02/2016
 
to 
05/2016
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
At an international medical center, provides full-spectrum multi-system detoxification through comprehensive individual healthcare and
lifestyle planning.
Monitors up to 3 individuals simultaneously and up to 6 individuals per day through their 2 hour treatment session.
Educates individuals about treatment options, toxins, heavy metal contamination, and how daily life can change from healthier decisions.
Provides an immediate analysis from the initial results of treatments.
Part of an international healthcare team that represents 6 countries at the only facility in China and 1 of only 2 facilities in the world that
perform a proprietary treatment.
Medical Investment Management: Healthcare and lifestyle consulting for high net worth individuals making decisions to transform their lives
and eliminate barriers to living a long healthy life.
60,000 to over $300,000 (USD) average daily investments.
Overall investment/sales performance upwards of $25 million USD over the course of 4 months averaging 5 million per month.
Achievements: Within 2 weeks of my arrival, out of the four foreigners working for the company (all of which were licensed doctors and
interviewed by the same board) I was selected to be the Science Advisor for a provincial level tumor research institute partnership.
The decision was made by the president of the hospital and all 5 center directors: assessment, therapeutic apheresis treatment, western
medicine intervention, traditional Chinese medcine intervention, and the MAI therapy clinic.
English Teacher
 
10/2015
 
to 
01/2016
 
City
Best Learning English - 
(Chaoyang District Teach children (age 2+) English language skills according to US academic standards for grades
Pre-K1 to G6 (6th Grade) using McGraw Hill curriculum.
Write lesson plans from grades Pre-K1 to G6 (6th Grade) using McGraw Hill curriculum supplemented by employer developed training
materials.
Review, edit, and republish outdated, incomplete, unsatisfactory and insufficient training plans and guides.
Simultaneously accommodate all learning styles into lessons.
Perform demonstration lessons and marketing event planning.
Improve public relations with local clients and the overall image of the Best Learning English brand.
Voluntary point of contact for new Foreign Teacher cultural integration, medical aid, personal privacy, and physical security while abroad.
Provide feedback to parents regarding student performance and additional steps the can take to foster a healthy developmental environment
for their child from an American perspective.
Education
High School Diploma
 
2004
 
Winter Park High School
 
City
 
, 
State
Personal Information
Service Country: United States Branch: Army Rank: Sergeant 2004 to October 2015 Honorable Discharge
Willing to relocate: AnywhereInterests
Highly experienced leading, training, and developing others Previous quarter year sales averaged $25 million at over $5 million monthly Advanced
computer and technology literacy Multiple awards for effective leadership, initiative, performance, compassionate volunteer work, and proficiency
Proven motivator, leader, trainer, and builder of strong, high-energy civilian and military teams
Skills
academic, Acute Care, Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Photoshop, Alpha, ambulance, Army, Behavioral Health, Chinese, Coach, consulting, CPR,
critical thinking, clients, Document Management, edit, Emergency Care, English, equipment maintenance, event planning, First Aid, image,
Immunization, Information Technology, Inspection, Instructor, Instruction, Investment Management, investments, leadership development, lesson
plans, logistics, marketing, meetings, mentor, Excel, Microsoft Office, Powerpoint, Word, works, weapons, Monitors, Network Administration,
office management, patient care, Phlebotomy, Photography, PACU, progress, Project management, Public Relations, Public Speaking, Read,
research, Sales, Solidworks, SOP, supply chain management, Supply Chain Management, Teacher, Telemetry, therapy, training materials,
treatment plan, Troubleshoot, Writer
Additional Information
Active DoD Secret security clearance Highly experienced leading, training, and developing others Previous quarter year sales averaged $25
million at over $5 million monthly Advanced computer and technology literacy Multiple awards for effective leadership, initiative,
performance, compassionate volunteer work, and proficiency Proven motivator, leader, trainer, and builder of strong, high-energy civilian
and military teams Available ASAP* Willing to relocate: Anywhere Authorized to work in the US for any employer
LINKS https://www.linkedin.com/profile/view?id=318596417 MILITARY SERVICE Service Country: United States Branch: Army Rank:
Sergeant 2004 to October 2015 Honorable Discharge Commendations: Army Achievement Medal (x3), Good Conduct medal (x3),
Military Outstanding Volunteer Medal, Certificate of Achievement (x6), Army Service Ribbon, Overseas Service Ribbon, Korean Defense
Service Ribbon, Global War On Terrorism Service Ribbon