DIRECTOR OF SOCIAL MEDIA MARKETING
Executive Profile
A marketing professional and seasoned leader with over 20 years of entertainment industry experience and passion that includes social media
strategy, brand marketing, advertising, and promotions.
Professional Experience
10/2011
 
to 
Current
Director of Social Media Marketing
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Responsible for all social media strategy, budgets, promotion, & execution integration into Brand Marketing 360 plans for all USA
Network, the #1 Cable Network for the last 8 years, including Suits, Royal Pains, Graceland, White Collar, Chrisley Knows Best, Covert
Affairs, Rush, Satisfaction, Sirens and Modern Family (syndicated).
Ideate and generate monetized strategic social media campaigns and on-air branded social integrations for Sales clients such as Lexus,
BMW, Fandango, Microsoft, Dunkin' Donuts, Colgate, and Coppertone.
Work across internal departments including Development, Press, On-Air, Creative, and Programming as well as show talent, writers and
executive producers on creative social activations and live events such as Fan Appreciation Days, TCA, Golden Globes, Emmys and Comic
Con.
Manage and lead five social agencies of record with oversight on community management, strategic executions, reporting, promotional
campaigns and creative micro-content direction.
Strengthen strategic direction that has achieved social community growth of 31% year to date achieving over 7.7 billion impressions with
over 22.5 million fans across 112 communities on Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Instagram, Tumblr, Pinterest, Vine, Snapchat and Giphy.
Developed the Psych Slumber Party, an all night marathon to promote the return of Season 7, which captured 22 trending topics, and
ratings that surpassed the prior four week time period avg by double digits in all demos.
Strategic direction leading USA to be one of the most social cable entertainment networks collecting 3.5MM tweets in 2Q14, significantly
greater than core competitors TBS (+213%) and FX (+287%).
Directed strategic social campaign for Suits, USA's #1 series, turning it into the #1 most social USA Network show with 2.4MM Facebook
fans (+46% over the finale of Season 3) and 1.3MM Twitter followers (+52% over the Season 3 finale).
09/2010
 
to 
09/2011
Director of Digital & Interactive Marketing
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Directed the Digital Marketing department of ten employees in all aspects of strategy, planning and execution for History, Lifetime, Warner
Brothers and Scott Rudin Productions.
Accountable for budget creation, strategic planning proposals and client reports.
Spearheaded online and social strategy in addition to creative production of Tony Award campaigns for nominated shows such as The
Book of Mormon (Winner of 9 Tony Awards) and Jerusalem (winner of 1 Tony Award).
Created fully integrated social media campaigns, live fan events and creative app executions across Facebook, Twitter, and Foursquare, to
drive ticket sales for Broadway productions and boost tune-in awareness for History Channel & Lifetime.
04/2004
 
to 
08/2010
Director of Marketing
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Planned, developed and executed comprehensive, strategic, integrated digital marketing campaigns that included social media, promotions,
publicity, and content distribution for clients such as USA Network, History Channel, A&E, Warner Brothers Films, Starz, AMC, Netflix,
Atari, Nikon, Clorox, and Best Buy.
Developed and launched the original social profiles on Facebook, Youtube and Twitter for USA Network, History, and A&E acquiring
over 3 million fans in 2 yrs for USA and over 1 million for History and A&E.
Expanded History Channel's reach and brand awareness on Foursquare for U.S. and U.K. campaign 'America: The Story of Us', winner of
OMMA Award for Best In-App Mobile Marketing & Advertising.
Worked in conjunction with USA Publicity on execution of set visits with journalists and influencers in addition to live consumer events such
as Comic Con.
01/1999
 
to 
01/2003
Brand Manager
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Developed marketing strategy for theme park attractions and product launches such as Shrek 4D, The Mummy, Hulk, Jurassic Park the
Ride, The Cat in the Hat and Halloween Horror Nights.
Worked across corporate divisions of Features, TV, Home Video, Music, and Publishing to create and implement cross-promotional
marketing opportunities for properties such as 2 Fast 2 Furious, Van Helsing, Jurassic Park, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Nickelodeon and
Animal Planet.
Spearheaded the successful launch of marketing campaigns and led cross functional teams on events such as Millennium Dance Party,
Halloween Horror Nights, Rock the Universe and Way Cool Winterland, a seasonal event that achieved one of the highest incremental
attendances ever of 30%.
Managed and oversaw control of all aspects of event planning and media/promotional placement with P&L budgets ranging from $50
thousand up to $3 million.Conceived and launched online promotions, advertising, and guerrilla marketing campaigns for projects such as Gay Days Hollywood,
Festival Universal and Ultimate Marvel Mania.
Education
2003
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Business Management with Marketing Emphasis
 
University of Phoenix
1995
Film & TV Production
 
Columbia College