BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER
Professional Summary
Served as resourceful and self directed business development manager. Defined and executed strategies and operations while leading collaborative
full project cycles with National and Local Governments across Southern Africa. Spearheaded projects which improved life and health for over
40M people by providing low cost, safe, clean and reliable renewable energy- solutions to the complex regional electricity problem. International
development experience and effective record of leading sales, strategic plans and financial reporting across three continents resulting in sales and
project development operations of over $50m USD.
Served as high-performing, award-winning and data driven Intelligence Analyst at the National Security Agency while performing duties as an
Airman in The United States Air Force.
Core Qualifications
Experience in project management and driving product implementation
Business development and strategic partner management Proven track record of initiating, implementing,
and successfully driving new business opportunities from relationships with partners
Ability to think strategically about complex issues, driving thoughtful recommendations and action plans
Demonstrated ability to influence and communicate cross-functionally and across all levels
Results-oriented
Adept multi tasker
Strong proposal writer
Analytical problem solver
Operations management
Contract
negotiation/review/drafting
Financial records and
processing
Report generation and analysis
Experience with execution and
shaping complex agreements
Accomplishments
Generated a pipeline of more than $20m in net new opportunities in 12 months.
Spearheaded company-wide prospecting, closing and project management endeavors for entire SADC region.
Established 3 new corporate accounts averaging $15m in sales.
Expanded multi-lateral relations with Middle East and USA to strengthen security and partnership.
Received Global War on Terrorism Service Medal.
Rolled out new company products in just 8 months, resulting in the largest Government investment in solar lighting.
Experience
Business Development Manager
 
09/2013
 
Company Name
 
City
Developed strategic and operational relationships across 3 Foreign Governments.
Exceeded targeted sales goals by $24m USD.
Generated new accounts by implementing effective networking and content marketing strategies.
Directly managed multi-million co-operative budgets supporting global GTM strategy.
Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information to gain a competitive advantage.
Created value propositions, international programs and strategic plans while maintaining multi-location, International accounts.
Cultivated relationships with key players in various industries to create ongoing and mutually beneficial referral systems.
Developed growth plans by identifying key clients and targets.
Leveraged lead generation tools to increase profitability and product presence in the marketplace.
Collaborated with account executives to penetrate new accounts and identify potential customers.
SALES MANAGER
 
01/2010
 
to 
01/2012
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Assisted financial director and other company leaders in due diligence and negotiations related to acquiring or disposing of assets.
Collaborated with senior leadership team to monitor business performance in all areas including, but not limited to, capital allocation, sales,
acquisitions and marketing.
Coordinated and managed major proposal processes from initiation to implementation.
Led data analysis resulting in comprehensive global strategies.
Designed and implemented strategic sales plan including new product development; increasing sales by over 20%.
Mastered MS Office to highlight financial models and analysis to suggest investment opportunities.
Strong aptitude for analytical and financial modeling with demonstrated attention to detail and sales.
Intelligence Analyst TS//SCI
 
11/2002
 
to 
11/2007
 
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
Identified strategic partnerships and gathered market information and other data to gain a competitive advantage.
Complied and delivered performance updates and planning meetings for Agency executive team.Conducted international research, data gathering and analysis in direct support of POTUS / SECDEF.
Education
Bachelor of Science
 
: 
Management
 
2013
 
Rutgers University
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Executive Education; Management
 
Stanford University Graduate School of Business
 
City
 
, 
State
 
, 
USA
Additional Information
Passion for making lives better across the world.
Distinctive problem solving and analytical skills, combined with impeccable business acumen and ability to communicate confidently,
effectively and persuasively.
Desire to make significant contribution to a growing International organization.
Measurable business strategy and operational experience.
Coordinated initiatives and projects and delivered timely results for global organizations.
Global Entry Passport Holder / U.S. Citizen
Skills
Account Management
Analytical Skills
Asset Management
Budget
Business Development and Operations
Closing and Negotiation
CRM
Financial Modeling
Leadership
Networking
MS Office
Research
Teamwork
Strategic Planning