ASSOCIATE
Summary
To pursue a challenging career , responsible for being associated with a progressive organization and by keeping up with the latest trends and
applying 
knowledge and work dynamically towards the growth of the organization.
Experience
Associate
 
June 2012
 
to 
October 2013
 
Company Name
Manufacturing of Electrical components Operating Microsoft Dynamics in NAVISION related to planning, purchasing, production & stock
management.
Handling of 15 members team including CL's Responsible for maintaining all stocks are safely binned in the appropriate storage locations
with identification card.
Preparing and closing the GRN.
Ensuring proper distribution of material & inventory control.
Supervising in updating daily bin card system in store.
Handling manpower and making awareness of in time work.
Store material-keep record & maintain stock control.
To handle receipt & issue activities of all types of material.
Maintain the FIFO & 3C, 5S.
Preparing in the documents in JIT System and following CAPA system.
Monitoring the storage of stocks and ensuring right material stored at right place.
Maintaining FIFO, issues transaction document & location the master part list.
I-Process Services (India) Pvt.
Ltd (Associate of ICICI Bank Ltd) Duration: From October 07 - May12.
Designation: CPA Manager - Credit Operations.
Key Profile: Finacle - Core Banking & Symbols.
Handling in Cash Credit, Overdraft, Bank Guarantee, and Letter of Guarantee & Demand Loan.
Preparing complete set of Loan Agreements Executed with in a stipulated period of time offered by the Bank to its New and Existing
Clients.
Preparing of CMA Preparing of CAM-Credit Appraisal Memo Analyzing 
Bank Statement like OD, CC, Current account,TL Preparing
Post Sanction Documents like CAL, SCMs.
I-Memo Monitoring day to day Account of clients and update it in excels in month wise.
Updating of Processing Fee of Entire South Portfolio Clients & prepare the MIS.
Doing Operational Review for the Clients.
Checking out the Customer's Account Limits of various products.
Finding out the Outstanding Limit, liabilities and Overdue.
Checking out the Tempory overdrawn for each and every Client.
Finding the cheque returns (Inward / Outward).
Seeing the Disbursement details.
Taking out DR report and Due plus reports for the Term Loan Clients.
Taking out the Repayment Schedules for Term Loan Clients.
Admin. Executive
 
May 2005
 
to 
August 2007
 
Company Name
Arrangement of felicitation functions for Insurance agents and to the employees.
Coordinating with the Development Officers from various branches.
Coordination of Induction Training and other joining formalities for New Joinee.
Allover support coordination of all departments for smooth functioning.
Manager 
- Customer
 
Company Name
Creating Purchase Orders and Sales Invoices as per the requirement Preparing of Stock Statement on monthly basis Operating TALLY
version 9 Creating and putting the journal & payment ledgers in tally VAT filing is done Preparing of MIS as per the organization.
Education
Degree Institution/College/School University/Board Year M.B.A -HR Annamalai University, Chidambaram Annamalai University 
: 
2008
B.B.A
 
Madras University
 
ï¼​ 
City
Dip
 
: 
Computer Technology
 
, 
2000
 
Madras University D.C.Tech
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
Computer Technology
PG Dip
 
: 
Labour Law & Administrative Law
 
, 
1997
 
S.S.L.C I.C.F Silver Jubilee 
Matriculation School
 
Labour Law & Administrative Law
Certifications
Handling of Vendor management
Personal Information
Father's Name 
: C. Gopinathan DOB 
: 27-12-1978 Sex 
: Male. Marital Status 
: Married. Present Address 
: No.16/29, Moorthy Nagar,
Villivakkam, Chennai - 600049. Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam. Place: 
Chennai 
K. SanjayInterests
Sports (Discipline: Athletics) A Lions Club Volunteer. Blood Donor in Apollo Hospital. ACCOLADES: All India Inter University Gold medalist.
(Twice). Represented Tamilnadu for Several times and won Laurels to the State. Organized 2 State level Competition in Athletics in Nehru
stadium, Chennai. Played Volley Ball in school Level competitions.
Skills
acquisitions, Banking, C, CL, closing, CPA, Credit, Client, Clients, database, filing, HR, Insurance, inventory control, Microsoft Dynamics, MIS,
NAVISION, negotiation, problem solving, purchasing, quality, requirement, Sales, stock control, Supervising, Vendor management, wise
Additional Information
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: Sports (Discipline: Athletics) A Lions Club Volunteer. Blood Donor in Apollo Hospital.
ACCOLADES: All India Inter University Gold medalist.(Twice). Represented Tamilnadu for Several times and won Laurels to the State.
Organized 2 State level Competition in Athletics in Nehru stadium, Chennai. Played Volley Ball in school Level competitions. PERSONAL
DETAILS: Father's Name 
: C. Gopinathan DOB 
: 27-12-1978 Sex 
: Male. Marital Status 
: Married. Present Address 
: No.16/29,
Moorthy Nagar, Villivakkam, Chennai - 600049. Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, Tamil and Malayalam. Place: 
Chennai 
K. Sanjay