CONSULTANT
Summary
Results-oriented California CPA who adapts seamlessly to constantly evolving accounting processes and technology.Â Capable at managing
multiple projects and consistently meeting deadlines under pressure. Extensive knowledge of accounting software and processes.Â 
Skills
Complex problem solving
Analytical reasoning
Financial statement analysis
SOX Compliance
Business function consolidation
Process re-engineering
System requirement writing and implementation testing
Outstanding interpersonal and organizational skills
Excellent Oracle skills in all modules
Oracle FSG report writing
Advance Excel and Access proficiency
High adaptabilityÂ to new technology
Account reconciliation expert
Experienced in revenue recognition
Experience
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Consultant
 
02/2014
 
to 
Current
As a member of the special project team to bring client's offshore accounting function back to the U.S., I traveled overseas to thoroughly
learn and understand the complex revenue recognition model and subsequently closed year end and provided training to client's U.S. team.
The transition went smoothly and efficiently, and it was completed prior to the original target date.
Engaged in client's divestiture process, responsible for training and transitioning of accounting 
functionality from the client to the buyer,
resulting a smooth transition of the sold business unit.
Managed monthly maintenance and changes in Oracle Flexfields and Financial Statement Generator (FSG) to 
ensure that financial reporting
was accurate and reflected the up-to-date corporate rollups.
As a member of the Oracle 12 upgrade team, created validation methodologies in order to ensure financial 
reporting integrity.
Served as a key contributor of the client's monthly and quarterly close and consolidation process, managed 
and monitored the database of
close tasks and journal entries, coordinated with various accounting groups to 
ensure that each close was smooth and timely.
Assisted the client in the quarterly and annual audit of financial information with external auditors.
Stepped into the role of cost accounting at quarter end with only a few days of notice.
In addition to 
contributing to a successful quarter end, identified the weakness of existing Inventory and Cost Accounting 
process, and
recommended solutions and improvements.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Consultant
 
01/2013
 
to 
01/2014
Responsible for complex monthly revenue recognition, reporting, and trend analysis.
Reviewed contracts to interpret, determine, implement, maintain royalty rate database, calculated and 
performed royalty variance analysis.
Monitored billing and royalty ratio to determine reasonableness and identify billing and royalty miss match, 
which prevented incorrect
billing/royalty payments.
Reviewed monthly closing process, recommended improvements, and implemented work flow streamlining.
Identified relevant reports, recommended methodologies, created new journal entries for mid-month close 
due to a client company
ownership change, and contributed to the timely completion of the acquisition.
Utilizing my Accounting and IT hybrid experiences, I researched and identified source data of various 
systems, designed and created tools
which provided consolidated revenue and expense ratio analysis for the 
management team.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
IT Business System Analyst
 
01/2006
 
to 
01/2012
As an Oracle Application "customer facing" resource, I liaised with project managers, enterprise architects, 
business users, and various
development teams to review, analyze, evaluate, and approve complex business 
functional requirements.
Partnered with stakeholders to forecast project costs and delivery time to ensure senior management's 
successful prioritization of projects.
Facilitated joint application design sessions with development teams and created "business requirement 
traceable" system requirements, test
cases, method of procedures, and short interval schedules, resulting in 
efficient and timely delivery of projects.
Coordinated design and system requirement approvals and maintained documents in DOORS system to 
comply with IT SOX requirements.
Actively communicated and participated in problem solving with IT release environment teams during 
development, quality assurance, user
acceptance testing, production, and post production warranty periods - 
to achieve efficient transitions of various project phases.
Supervisor of Revenue Accounting and Analysis 
Managed three revenue accounting staff members, from their selection, operation and
personal growth 
development.
Conducted one-on-one sessions on a regular basis and performed mid-year and annual reviews.
Ensured timely and accurate reporting of service revenue/ARPU in accordance with various GAAP 
accounting rules, and contributed to the
effort of successfully shortening the company's revenue accounting 
closing days from three weeks to four business days.
Worked closely with the financial planning team on revenue trend analysis/forecasting, and the operation 
team on preparation of
documentation and development of revenue recognition methods for new products 
and services.
Cooperated with external auditors on quarterly and annual audits, and internal teams on SOX control testing 
and documentation.
Supervised and prepared accurate and timely reports/analysis for all aspects of the financial statements in 
relation to revenue, deferred
revenue, cost of revenue, and operation metrics.
Prepared monthly reporting and analysis packages for the management team, and implemented an enhanced 
financial system to streamline
revenue reporting.Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Corporate Accountant
 
01/2002
 
to 
01/2006
Performed monthly closing, variance analysis, and reconciliation of complex accounts.
Reviewed account balances/aging trends and provided flux analysis for internal financial reporting, 
forecasting, and external audits.
Participated and contributed account transaction data analysis during the Oracle 11i implementation.
Communicated and cooperated with international and domestic subsidiaries to streamline the closing process.
Prepared monthly fixed asset mass additions, deletions, depreciation, and inter-department asset transfers.
Calculated and recorded monthly foreign exchange gains/losses.
Reviewed and interpreted contracts and related accounting publications to ensure appropriate reporting of 
various expenses.
Documented and implemented accounting control procedures for Sarbanes-Oxley compliance.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Marketing Business Analyst/Accounting Manager
 
01/2000
 
to 
01/2001
Completed the Cisco/Vovida integration successfully with Cisco Acquisition teams.
Facilitated cross-functional global sales meetings between the field and marketing teams resulting in 
effective communication and timely
resolution of major account issues.
2 Renee Chen 
Obtained, consolidated, and analyzed major account information from both the sales and marketing teams on 
a continuing
basis resulting in the availability of an up-to-date forecasting of quarterly sales revenues.
Established the Vovida Networks, Inc.
Accounting Department, recruited, trained/managed the staff 
accountant, and implemented internal controls into a rapidly growing start-up
environment.
Provided revenue/expense budgeting, forecasting, and reporting.
Cooperated with Cisco acquisition teams on the due diligence process, and closed the acquisition within a 
month after the announcement.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Senior Accountant
 
01/1999
 
to 
01/2000
Responsible for general ledger analysis, monthly and year-end closing, and project revenue/cost analysis.
Designed and prepared monthly actual/budget comparative financial statements for departmental managers, 
senior executives, and the board
of directors.
Responsible for revenue and expense forecasting at both the corporate and departmental level.
Responsible for reviewing and interpreting contracts to implement revenue recognition policies and 
procedures per FASB guidelines.
Facilitated tax returns and annual audits with CPA firms.
Responsible for managing and maintaining the Platinum/FRS financial reporting system.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Associate Tax Analyst
 
01/1998
 
to 
01/1999
Performed financial statement auditing.
Provided tax research and planning services for a variety of clients.
Prepared complex quarterly and annual federal, state, local, property, and sales/use tax returns for multi-state 
corporate clients.
Assisted clients with their records and provided book-keeping services.
Company Name
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Corporate Tax Analyst
 
01/1997
 
to 
01/1998
Analyzed a variety of general ledger accounts and interpreted financial information to derive income/losses 
for tax reporting purposes.
Education and Training
Master of Science
 
:
 
Accounting/Taxation
 
San Francisco State University
 
Accounting/Taxation Extensive course training in the fields of corporate
finance, taxation, and business law.
Bachelor of Science
 
:
 
Business Administration Accounting
 
San Francisco State University
 
Business Administration Accounting
Coursework in accounting, finance, marketing, and information systems.
Skills
Accounting, accountant, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, streamline, application design, auditing, billing, book-keeping, budgeting,
budget, business law, business process, Cisco, closing, excellent communication, interpersonal skills, contracts, corporate finance, Cost
Accounting, cost analysis, CPA, client, clients, data analysis, database, delivery, documentation, DOORS, due diligence, senior management,
external audits, finance, Financial, financial planning, financial 
reporting, financial reporting, financial statements, forecasting, foreign exchange,
functional, General Ledger, general ledger accounts, information systems, Inventory, managing, marketing, meetings, enterprise, Networks, Oracle,
Oracle Application, Oracle Financials, Oracle Financial, Platinum, policies, problem solving, publications, quality assurance, report 
writing,
reporting, requirement, revenue recognition, sales, Sarbanes-Oxley, Supervisor, system analyst, tax, tax research, tax returns, team player, trend,
upgrade, validation, variance analysis, year-end
Activities and Honors
California CPA. 
Completed the UC Santa Cruz Certificate of Project and Program Management. 
Coursework in SQL and Relational Database. 
3