Kpandipou Koffi
Summary
Compassionate teaching professional delivering exemplary support and assistance to teachers and students. Display exceptional
Communication and problem solving skills.
Experience in office administration and public speaking. Attentive and adaptable, skilled in management of classroom operations. Effective in
leveraging student feedback to create dynamic lesson plans that address individual strengths and weaknesses.
Dedicated and responsive team leader with proven skills in classroom management, behavior modification and individualized support.
Personable with experience using relationship-building to cultivate positive client, staff and management connections. Highly-developed
communicator with outstanding skills in complex problem-solving and conflict resolution.
High-performing Administrative Assistant offering experience working with diverse client base and delivering exceptional results. Polished in
managing client relations, and managing vendor relationships.
Results-driven assistant with track record of excelling in fast-paced office environments.
Career-minded with talents in preparing reports, taking messages and sorting and routing mail. Comfortable working in fast-paced,
demanding office environment.
Energetic and reputable individual possessing strong work ethic, professional demeanor and superb initiative. Exceptional customer service
and decision-making skills.
Service-oriented individual with expertise in preparing and modifying documents, coordinating meetings and trips and preparing responses
on behalf of company. Committed to establishing stellar rapport with clients of diverse backgrounds.
Meticulous and systematic Administrative Assistant skilled in organizing, planning and managing daily clerical needs. Bringing solid expertise
in coordinating documents, reports and records, handling correspondence and managing deliveries.
Skilled in oral and written communication, team leadership and relationship-building.
Comfortable working alone or with teams to accomplish on-time and accurate clerical tasks. Punctual Administrative Assistant known for
having terrific work ethic and dynamic communication skills.
Adept at preparing correspondence, memoranda and reports in both draft and final form.
Skills
Superb communication both verbal and written.
Reliability and self sufficiency.
Strong work ethic.
Organizational and problem solving skills.
Team player and multi tasker.
Career minded, result driven, and goal oriented.
Adaptable, positive, eager to contribute in any capacity.
Microsoft Office
Fluent in French and English
Experience
Assistant Teacher
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jan 2010
 
to 
Jun 2011
Implemented lesson plans for class of 30 students.
Prepared, duplicated and collected teaching materials to help students better understand learning concepts.
Helped students take advantage of other available subject matter and study resources.
Classroom restocking, support and management of operations.
Arranged and led activities for students, including small group and individualized instructions.
Assisted teachers with lesson preparation, curriculum implementation, and testing.
Assistant Manager Intern
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
May 2006
 
to 
Sep 2006
Spearheaded training initiatives to improve employee performance and bottom-line business results.
Generated reports to assess performance and make adjustments.
Increased customer base and market share by promoting product through diverse channels.
Optimized productivity, streamlined program efficiency, and boosted profitability.
Supervised and trained customer service team members to provide exceptional service, driving retention and satisfaction.
Remained calm and professional in stressful circumstances and when dealing with unhappy customers, effectively diffusing situations.
Addressed internal and customer-related issues each day and affected strategic resolutions.
Junior Editor
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Sep 2004
 
to 
Sep 2006
Determined appropriate page budgets and layouts to guide word count parameters, optimize use of images and graphics as well as maximize
impact within allotted space.
Evaluated reporter stories, shaped content and helped improve overall work quality through careful review, detailed editing and constructive
feedback.
Developed and deepened positive relationships with writing, design and production team members to improve communication and
collaboration.
Handed out story assignments, directed content meetings and evaluated submitted pieces to manage overall tone and execution of work.
Decided readiness of articles for publication and approved final versions.Edited, rewrote and prepared numerous pieces per week by adjusting reading level to make understanding articles easier and more
interesting.
Oversaw layout design and worked with production team members to complete fresh monthly publications
Education and Training
MBA
 
: 
Marketing
 
IGlobal University
 
Jun 2015
 
City
 
, 
State
Major in Marketing
Completed coursework in
BBA
 
: 
Business Administration
 
Golden Gate University
 
Jun 2011
 
City
 
, 
State
International Student Scholarship Recipient
Minor in International Business
Associate of Arts
 
Suffolk University
 
Jun 2007
 
City
Associate in International Business and Business Administration