TECHNICAL EDUCATIONS LANGUAGES
Summary
QA-QC Lead in Subsea 7 (EPC Contractor) & working for Major Clients such as TOTAL / TECHNIP / Exxon / ADMA-OPCO (Abu Dhabi
National oil Company Group) Supplier Quality control lead in Various Automotive industries (Valeo, Leoni, Continental) & working for Major
Clients such as Renault, Peugeot, BMW, etc. Very Good experience in Project Management over all phases (design / Procurement / Onshore /
offshore) from the "start-up through completion" of the Work. Very Good Experience with QC Activities on Procurement stage of various vendors
(Buoyancy Foam, Connectors, clamps, structures, Valves, Flanges, pipelines, etc) Project Manager / QA_QC Lead 10 years relevant experience
in Oil & Gas/ Automotive Industries with Quality Management Background
Highlights
Windows 9X/NT/XP, MS Office, MS Outlook, MS project, Pascal, Catia v5
Experience
TECHNICAL EDUCATIONS LANGUAGES
Supplier Quality Manager Liaison Engineer CONTINENTAL 
Automobile
 
10/2009
 
to 
04/2010
PDCA, AMDEC, 8D analysis, Six Sigma method, KANBAN, Supplier quality Management, Quality Auditing, 5S, ISO9001, ASME,
API, ASTM.
From Mar.
2014 till now: Bureau Veritas Abu Dhabi (UAE) Project Manager of Umm Lulu project (ADMA-OPCO): Project Manager of Zakum
Electrification project (ADMA-OPCO) Managing several oil & Gas Projects for ADMA-OPCO (Abu Dhabi National oil Company
Group): Installation of wellhead towers, infield pipelines & super complex.
In charge of the duties of organizing, planning, work assignment, cost control and scheduling the "start-up through completion" of all activities
(structural, Decks, rigid/flexible pipelines, jacket installations, risers, etc.).
Key responsibilities are: Preparation of Technical Offer (method of statement, contract organization structure, etc...) Preparation of
Commercial Offer (price structure, cost / time / resources / profit estimation, price conditions / technical and contractual qualifications, etc.)
Preparation Contract Execution Plan and co-ordination procedures as per client specification.
Development / customization of necessary contract management tools.
Identify all resources and support (human, physical, financial) required to achieve the project Objective.
Responsible of selection / recruitment process (Select CV, perform interview, propose offer Package) for candidates suitable for working
on the Project.
Expediting of contract tasks including mobilization of personnel and sub-contracting Communication with the Client and other parties.
Brings to the contract the required resources as well as the tools necessary to follow the Contract schedule, cost / profit as well as quality on
the contracts way to a successful Completion.
Coordinating the activities of all engineers/surveyors (Welding, Civil, Structural, Piping, Rotating Equipment, Painting & Coating, Electrical
& Instrumentation, etc.) assigned at site.
Full management of Onshore / offshore assigned on the project (more than 25 Engineers) Full knowledge of the project's technical issues
and its status.
Directs and controls the work at site by contractors working directly for BV.
Monitoring & Evaluation of Site Inspectors, and provide necessary plans for improvements.
Provide Monthly Reports to Clients, for TPI involvement, concerns & recommendations Follow up / monitoring of project schedule and
cost / Contract invoicing.
From Sept.
2010 till Mar.2014: Subsea7 France SA Project Lead QA-QC Engineer for Erha North project (EXXON) Project QA-QC Engineer for
Clov project (Total) Project QA-QC Engineer for Block 15 project (EXXON) Management of QC activities for packages: Buoyancy
Foam, Connectors including forged pieces, clamps, pup pieces, structures in Sub Vendors, Subsea Valves and Forged Flanges Flexible
pipeline installation, Anodes, Rigid items (wellhead tower, jackets, Subsea Guiding Frame etc.) Key responsibilities are: Participate in the
critically assessment rating at the request of the Project Quality Manager.
Conduct the Pre-Production Meetings (PPM) and to facilitate the start of production Review / approve the Suppliers ITPs & control
procedures defined in the SDR Nominate / Manage qualified inspectors for the implementation of the surveillance on-site Supervise by
performing QC visits during manufacturing process if needed.
Review / approve the Inspection Reports, identify any problems and keep the project and departmental staff informed of progress.
Work with the Project Quality Manager and the HSEQ Department on the appointment and co-ordination of Project QC Inspectors
(Ensure our inspectors adhere to all Subsea 7 safety on site) Process NCR's raised during inspections and keep the project and
departmental staff informed of progress.
Verify all Technical Queries and NCRs are closed prior to organising the Release.
Participate in performance evaluation of suppliers / yards as requested.
Review and approve final documentation (MRB compilation) Ensure Lessons Learned and improvements are identified and reported during
project execution.
Coordinates all related communication with local departments Participation in component reviews Technical Data maintenance on numerical
platform (Liaison Person Rights) Preparation of the local sourcing committee in agreement with commodity management Maintain
communication between locations in charge to validate electronic components.
Supplier Quality Control Engineer
 
01/2009
 
to 
09/2009
 
Company Name
Management of 15 suppliers Panel Taking part in suppliers selection phase: writing of validation plan listing Leoni requirements Technical
and industrial validation of the bought components Monitoring of the homologation of specific components: from conception to realization ofinitial samples.
Taking part in qualification audits of specific components at Leoni suppliers Quality validation of the productiveness solutions identified by
Leoni family purchasers.
Feb.
to Dec.
2008: Supplier Quality Management Engineer, CONTINENTAL Automobile Ensuring and monitoring of pcb's Quality on continental's
supplier in China Monitoring of notifications, incidents and Quality alert on continental production site Management of defective parts (using
8D method to resolve failures) Implement containment actions on production site according defects found Regular visits on continental's
supplier in China to check /follow corrective action implemented Take part on validation modification of process/parts proposed by
suppliers Oct.
2007 to Jan.
2008: Purchasing Engineer, VALEO Engine cooling Buyer of Machine producing automotive radiators Order all parts needed to assembly
the machine Management of orders based on Delivery time of parts and assembly machine priority Implement effective organization for
incoming inspection of parts Change defective parts detected and negotiate the shortest delivery time with suppliers March to Sep.
2007: Supplier Quality control (Trainee), VALEO Connective Systems Management of 25 suppliers Panel (responsible of homologation of
66 components) Creation of organizational tools to ensure an efficient homologation step for components bought Creation of a new
procedure able to identify the defects and transmit useful information about quality components received in Valeo plant Taking part in
qualification audits of specific components at Valeo suppliers Jan 2005.
to Jul.
2006: Validation Engineer, VISTEON Interiors Systems Taking part in products validation phase of Panels for PSA customer Contribution
at the following-up activity / Scheduling and management of testing requirements Improvement of interface tools Customer / Project /
Manufactory / Laboratory Logistics / parts traceability/Compilation / results analysis / customer reporting Basketball (former junior player in
the international Tunisian team), Football, Music SIROT Olivier C:\Users\Boulkhled\Documents\CV_Y.Hammi_Nov2015-2-with-
logos.doc page 6 of 5.
Consulting Engineer
 
10/2007
 
to 
09/2009
 
Company Name
Education
Ecole Nationale arts & métiers», Paris (France) 2006: 
Material Science Engineer Diploma; École Polytechnique de LILLE 
(France)
 
2003
Material Science General University
Diploma
 
2001
 
Scientific High School
Master's Degree
Diploma
 
Paris XI University
 
France
Certifications
2013: 
CSWIP - Visual Welding Inspector Level 1; Rotherham (UK) 2012: 
IRCA Certificate for Quality Management Auditor; Paris (France)
Languages
French: Fluent 
English: Fluent 
Arabic: Fluent
Personal Information
Date of Birth: 
August 17, 1982 (33 Years Old) Nationality: French Adress: 
Beach Tower / Reem Island / Abu Dhabi
Additional Information
Date of Birth: 
August 17, 1982 (33 Years Old) Nationality: French Adress: 
Beach Tower / Reem Island / Abu Dhabi
Skills
API, Arabic, arts, Auditing, automotive, C, Catia v, contract management, contracts, cost control, Client, Clients, Dec, Delivery, documentation,
Engineer, Fluent 
English, financial, Frame, French, Inspection, Inspector, invoicing, ISO9001, Logistics, logos, Managing, manufacturing process,
Material Science, Meetings, MS Office, MS Outlook, MS project, Windows 9, NT, Oct, oil, organizing, organizational, page 6, Painting, Pascal,
personnel, producing, profit, progress, Project Lead, Purchasing, Quality, Quality Management, QA, Quality control, recruitment, reporting,
safety, Scheduling, Six Sigma, specification, suppliers selection, Systems Management, Validation, Veritas, Welding