CONSULTANT
Executive Profile
P&L MANUFACTURING/ENGINEERING & SUPPLY CHAIN EXECUTIVE Increasing Revenues 
Profitability and EBITDA 
Coaching and
Leading Teams 
Operational Turnarounds Strategic Planning 
Creative Solutions 
Creating Value 
Driving Results Highly accomplished P&L
manufacturing executive with a proven track record in leading manufacturing and distribution businesses by utilizing lean tools in the value adding
stream. 
Turnaround experience. Increasing price/earnings multiples and stockholder value. 
Developed and implemented strategic plans. Ability to
attract and retain key personnel. 
Excellent at coaching and mentoring key personnel in all disciplines. 
Knowledgeable of QS 9001, ISO/TS 16949,
logistics and new product launches. 
SOX compliant. Trained in lean manufacturing by Eliyahu M. Goldratt, author of "The Goal". KPI Metrics and
measurements driven. Increased company value by $30 million Reduced inventories by 40% Reduced assembly labor by 60% Increased earnings
per share by $1.25. Delivered expected results in safety with a company record of 176 days without lost time accidents. Made processes reliable
and repeatable to achieve quality standards in single digit PPMs. Achieved a 100% on time delivery with sequence scheduling Managed both union
and non-union employees ranging from staffing of 150 to 2,000 personnel. Ability to diagnose performance problems quickly and implement
solutions. 
Establish targets and goals with accountability measures and apply strong constraint analysis capability with data analysis and business
modeling techniques to resolve issues required to achieve results. Also operational turnaround management experience.
Skill Highlights
Ability to attract and retain key personnel. 
Excellent at coaching and mentoring key personnel in all disciplines. 
Get teams involved by
incorporating their ideas. 
Promote a culture of strong ownership. 
Encourage employees to do their best. MS Windows XP, MS Office XP,
(Word, Excel and PowerPoint), Visio, MS Project and MS Outlook. (Proficiency level with is excellent.) - ERP / MRP (JD Edwards, BAAN).
Professional Experience
January 2002
 
to 
Current
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Setting and implementing goals with the CEO and committing to delivering positive results until all goals are completed.
A shop floor hands-on approach leading shop floor teams in lean manufacturing and continuous improvements.
Conducted assessment and implementation engagements.
Lean Tools Utilized Toyota Production System *JIT *Kaizen Kanban *5S *Takt time Poka-Yoke *SMED *Heijunka Eight D *5Y
*DMAIC Theory of Constraints *Value Stream Mapping *Work Cell Technology Demand Flow Applications *Focused Factory *Flexible
Manufacturing Concepts Time-Based Principles *Synchronous Manufacturing *Supply Chain Management KPI's *High Velocity
Management *Standardization Multi-Plant Operations *Cost Controls Cost Accounting *A3 Process New Product Launches *Logistics
*Complex problem solving Examples on value adding contributions are as follows: Implemented lean manufacturing for an automotive
stamping and welded assemblies' plant.
Increasing company value by $30,000,000.
Tier I to Ford & GM and Tier II to Johnson Controls, Lear, Shape and others.
Implemented a lean sequence scheduling methodology, reducing inventories by 40%, and reducing operating costs by $1 million, while
initiating JIT protocols with steel suppliers.
Lean manufacturing implementation - Increased company value at an automotive 
stamping and insert molding plant by $24,000,000
annually.
Implemented JIT and synchronous scheduling resulting in a 40% reduction in inventory, 100% on time deliveries.
Made processes reliable and repeatable to achieve single digit PPMs.
Streamlined packaging processes at an aerospace manufacturer increasing departmental efficiency by 30% increasing capacity by 40%.
Implemented a purchasing strategic sourcing program, reducing material costs by 8%.
Established process improvement program for a major farm equipment and machinery manufacturer, increasing annual throughput by
$35,000,000.
Initiated continuous improvement processes for a cellophane manufacturer, increased profits by $9,000,000.
Designed and installed world class manufacturing plants utilizing demand flow and cellular manufacturing, reducing factory labor by 55%.
Consultant
 
January 2000
 
to 
January 2002
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Lean Manufacturing.
January 1987
 
to 
January 2000
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
As a manufacturing executive of The Wurlitzer Company developed the corporate strategies, and provided the leadership and direction for
turnaround to achieve P&L and balance sheet objectives for this manufacturer.
Direct reports include manufacturing, engineering, maintenance, purchasing, scheduling, inventory and all supply chain management functions,
logistics, new product launches, engineering, human resources, accounting and quality.
Identified critical success factors and implemented performance improvements teams.
Results of implemented strategies include: Increased earnings per share by $1.25 year over year.
Implemented major process improvements at plants resulting in a 350-employee reduction by installing advanced manufacturing technology,
a $13,500,000 savings.
Reduced material costs by $10,000,000 through strategic sourcing and vendor consolidation.
Utilizing lean to make processes reliable and repeatable reduced scrape costs by 80%.
Restructured contract manufacturing facility resulting in a $10,000,000 reduction in operating costs.
Through the use of JIT, reduced inventories by 40%.
Increased production output by 140% by implementing an automotive plant assembly line process for piano assembly operations.
Utilizing manufacturing cell and focused factory concepts at sub-assembly manufacturing and delivering completed sub-assemblies to finalassembly line operations Reduced unfavorable manufacturing variances by 91%.
President & CEO
 
January 1984
 
to 
January 1987
 
Company Name
 
ï¼​ 
City
 
, 
State
Full profit and loss responsibility for all multi-pant building and industrial multi-products international manufacturing operations consisting of 3
manufacturing plants in the United States, a wholly owned subsidiary in Canada and a joint venture in England.
Made a strategic acquisition, with 400 employees, and integration to expand product line and utilize the same marketing channels and
integration into the organization.
Worked with the company's senior management team based in the United States, Canada, and England to establish goals and key
performance indicators and driving metrics in an effort to reverse shrinking market share, decrease operating costs, and create positive cash
flow.
EBIT increased by 325% and revenues by 285%.
Education
MBA
 
Fairleigh Dickinson University
 
GPA: 
cum laude
 
cum laude
BS
 
University of Richmond. 
AA - Valley Forge Military Academy
 
Mentored by disciples of Eliyahu M. Goldratt in Lean manufacturing
Skills
accounting, approach, automotive, BAAN, balance sheet, cash flow, coaching, continuous improvement, Cost Accounting, direction, driving,
ERP, senior management, human resources, inventory, JD Edwards, leadership, TEAM BUILDING, Lean Manufacturing, Logistics, machinery,
marketing, market, mentoring, Excel, MS Office, MS Outlook, PowerPoint, MS Project, MS Windows XP, Word, MRP, packaging, personnel,
piano, problem solving, processes, process improvement, profit and loss, protocols, purchasing, quality, scheduling, strategic, strategic sourcing,
Supply Chain Management, Visio