Rachel Guardado
Summary
Polished and professional team member skilled at counting money, processing payments and building relationships with patrons. Effectively meet
front-end needs with skilled merchandising, customer support and register management. Proficient in processing purchases and returns with high
accuracy and diligent attention to important details. Sales expert promotes products and plans to boost store profits. Hardworking Warehouse
Associate with excellent materials handling, storage management and shipment preparation skills. Experienced in picking orders, assembling pallets
and preparing containers. Delivers accurate inventory counts and maintains detailed warehouse records. Dedicated Customer Service Specialist
providing skills to prioritize and multi-task in fast-paced working environment. Successfully works as part of team to reach personal and business
goals. Known for successfully handling escalated customer support issues.
Skills
Credit and cash transactions
Issue resolution
Scanner operations
Cash register operation
Customer assistance
Staff mentoring
Cash counting machine operations
Product location skills
Heavy lifting
Warehouse operations
Weighing and Measuring
Tagging expertise
Automatic packing equipment
Microsoft Office
Leadership
Front of House Organization
Event Planning
Reservations
Customer Service
Check payment processing
Service prioritization
Experience
Warehouse Picker
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
May 2021
 
to 
Current
Prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels and executing shipment documents to facilitate delivery to proper customers.
Packaged items with appropriate materials to prevent damage during shipping.
Marked and labeled containers with accurate shipping information to prevent delays.
Assembled cartons, crates and containers.
Utilized pallet jacks to move items to and from different warehouse locations.
Promoted workplace safety and production efficiency by keeping workspaces clean, organized and free of hazards.
Inspected outgoing shipments to maintain effective quality assurance standards.
Reviewed packing slips and other documentation to properly box requested items for shipment.
Picked products from designated locations using various tools and transferred to appropriate areas for further processing.
Operated warehouse equipment with caution and according to manufacturer instructions to reduce risk of accidents and malfunctions.
Weighed and measured products and materials to check compliance with specifications and regulations.
I used a website that would keep track of the items that would get shipped off everyday.
Warehouse Employee
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Feb 2021
 
to 
Apr 2021
Prepared inventory for shipment by attaching tags and labels and executing shipment documents to facilitate delivery to proper customers.
Counted and stocked different types of merchandise to comply with inventory control tag requirements.
Noted current product inventory levels to support completion of order requests and audits.
Packed and labeled merchandise to prepare for loading and shipment to customers.
Lifted materials of varied weights on regular basis to transport items to proper warehouse locations.
Monitored work areas for cleanliness and functionality and removed obstacles to promote safe work environment.
Packed merchandise into boxes and containers to ensure safe shipment.
Arranged items on pallets according to size and weight.
Mentored new employees on daily warehouse procedures and answered task-related questions for quick job acclimation.
Inspected orders for accuracy by carefully reviewing containers, products, packaging and labeling.
Accomplished production goals by working with speed and accuracy.
Utilized pallet jacks to move items to and from different warehouse locations.
Weighed and measured products and materials to check compliance with specifications and regulations.
Sales Associate and Cashier 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Oct 2020
 
to 
Dec 2020
Maintained knowledge of current promotions, exchange guidelines, payment policies and security practices.
Built and maintained effective relationships with peers and upper management to drive team success toward common sales, service and
operational goals.
Sold various products by explaining unique features and educating customers on proper application.
Answered incoming telephone calls to provide information about products, services, store hours, policies and promotions.Assisted customers by finding sizes for certain items and if it wasn't available at our store i checked inventory for items at other locations.
Maintained well-stocked and organized sales floor with latest merchandise to drive sustained sales revenue.
Mentored new employees on customer service, money handling and organizing strategies to maximize performance, productivity and team
success.
Provided every customer with comprehensive assistance upon entering store through merchandise selection and completion of purchases.
Assisted with purchases, locating items and signing up for rewards programs.
Worked closely with front-end staff to assist customers and maintain satisfaction levels.
Monitored sales events, added new merchandise and rang up purchases.
Scanned customer purchases, supporting transactions to streamline sales process.
Host
 
City
 
, 
State
 
Company Name
 
/
 
Jul 2020
 
to 
Aug 2020
Supported serving staff, food runners and bussers to keep dining room presentable and ready for guests.
Scheduled reservations and notified servers and managers of large groups to prepare seating in advance.
Greeted guests and gathered information to seat groups or place on waitlist.
Escorted guests to seating area, furnished menus and highlighted daily specials to promote positive experience.
Accommodated guests with children and special needs to promote comfortable dining experience.
Monitored dining area to assess server capacity and estimate wait times.
Stayed abreast of server availability and table turnover to make quick decisions about seating locations.
Education and Training
High School Diploma
 
Clifton High School
 
Expected in 
Jun 2023
 
City
 
, 
State
Additional Information
I am fluent in spanish and english.